We attend our friend Kendra's wedding -- such a joy to watch people see an end to year's of waiting.
After catching a cab to dinner at Boon Tong Kee (post to come shortly), a restaurant recommended by my uncle - also a foodie! :) - we dragged ourselves back onto the HiPPO boat for one last ride, to capture the nighttime experience and views.
Len Woodbyrne & Joe O’Reilly development at95-97 Francis Street, Dublin8 (central Dublin) has a range of apartments on offer
The victim’s friend, a young woman, tried to pull him back into his car. Attackers came after her, pulling her hair, punching her head and causing a bloody scratch to the surface of her eye. She called 911. A recording told her all lines were busy. She called again. Busy. On her third try, she got through and, hysterical, could scream only their location.
and the dust rises
Luckily, there is one male LPN on duty tonight to share the task. So I do what I am trained to do. I step up on that step stool and position my clasped hands just above the tip of the sternum. Whatever sleepiness that had settled in during my uneventful evening was now flushed away with a sea of adrenaline. I begin to throw all my weight into compressing this man's rib cage as I repeatedly check his pulse rate on the monitor. Too slow or too shallow and I'm not circulating enough blood.
I heard SH coming down the stairs. "Hey!" he said. "You didn't do the dishes!"
I’d never even thought about this point – that there’s free, fun exercise equipment for kids all over the place, but nothing similar for grownups – until our recent trip to Heerenveen, in the Netherlands, and discovered that such a thing actually exists. Right in downtown Heerenveen, there’s a park with ….
Seth wanted very badly to say yes. He hated Bill Masterson more than anyone else, and listening to him yell was worse than his mother ever was. The man losing his job would make Seth genuinely happy for once. Instead he shook his head. "No," he whispered.
About the book -
We played several games, one of our favorites is Headbanz, a funny game where you ask questions trying to figure what object/thing/animal is on your head...its really fun to play! Unfortunately didn't get a picture of Mom and Dad but we were all in on the game!
Heartbroken Corrie star Kym Marsh has begged fiancé Jamie Lomas to come clean after cheating claims
Frank Zappa and the Mothers
Mike Pinder- Keyboards/Vocals
Favorite song?
11Then you went over Jordan and came to Jericho: and the men of Jericho made war on you, the Amorites and the Perizzites and the Canaanites and the Hittites and the Girgashites and the Hivites and the Jebusites: and I gave them up into your hands.
The truth is, if you aren't living as an ethical vegan, you are paying other human animals to imprison your fellow animals, to murder their babies and to murder them...to keep them from the 'available to all' pleasures of the Earth. Or maybe you're committing those horrors yourself, directly...I don't know.
But now the shadows are all gone. Don’t think for a minute that cancer won that battle. Yesterday, Ralph’s cancer was buried in the ground for good—it’s done, it’s over, it can’t do him anymore harm. And what about Ralph? Well, you remember what Jesus said to Martha as they stood next to Lazarus’ grave? “I am the resurrection and the life. He that believes in me, though he were dead yet shall he live. He that lives and believes in me will never die.” Ralph lived and believed in the Lord, and that means that Ralph is alive and well with the Lord today. It may not look like it on the surface, and it doesn’t much feel like it right now in our hearts, but Ralph won that battle with cancer, and he’s taking his victory lap in heaven even now. You know, heaven—that place where cancer can never find its way in.
To begin with, the film is directed by one of my favourite directors Darren Aronofsky. Secondly, I’m obsessed with Audrey Hepburn. So seeing Natalie Portman in a evil Hepburn-esque getup in the movie’s first still that I saw intrigued me.
My own scarlet vesture beneath my breast.
- As if the scandals over plagiarism in the KDP program weren't enough, now it appears that there's a major knockoff problem: cobbled-up books titled to resemble bestsellers in hopes of tricking consumers into buying them. I Am The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo, anyone?
This is actually about me, being part of the school publication, The LaSallian. My parents, actually my dad doesn’t approve of me joining such organization. I had experienced writing in publications in high school but this is a different thing. I never thought I’d be accepted in The LaSallian. It gave me confidence and pride that somehow I can really write.
4.Dry Skin
I'll remind you that my loving DH paid £6.95 (nearly $11) for a teensy little rooted cutting which looked like this:
You’re sublime,
Broadband is fast evolving into an essential medium of communication. So, a lot companies also have their websites activated on the web. You can apply for jobs online, surf the web for matrimonial alliances and a whole lot more. Email is fast replacing snail mail as the favoured mode of communication. It also saves paper and a lot of trees.
Confession: I went off the rails at the end of 2011. I ate like it was my job and spent money like I was made of it. The holiday season has a way of doing that to me. So, like so many other Americans, I resolved to reign myself in on January 1st. I joined my friend Laurie in her quest for a No-Spend January, and I added some health goals to her financial fitness plan.
Tom's recovering but in pain, and his throat is raw and hurting from being tubed during surgery. He's thrown up a lot today, either from the throat irritation or what feels like a lot of phlegm that's lodged in there. Not sure if that's a side effect from the vicodin or what, but he's a bit miserable. He's thankful though, as he feels a million times better than he did beforehand.
Saturday, October 13th–I was sick.
James Rivera – vocals
After trying a few different things, and eventually getting to the point where A was in our bed and no one was getting any sleep, I decided we needed to try to “cry it out.” S hated hearing him cry, and we had more than a few heated middle-of-the-night discussions about who actually worked and needed their sleep (grr!), but I always insisted that the end justified the means. Maybe it’s because of A’s NICU stay, but I know that there are certain things in life that are a necessary evil (shots, etc.), and that none of those things (have or) will affect our bond with A or his secure knowledge of our love and commitment to him.
I have a mastiff-labrador cross named Belle. The name is reflexive as she is named after the Scottish band Belle and Sebastian. Belle and Sebastian named themselves after the early 1980s cartoon about the adventures of a little boy, Sebastian and his big dog, Belle.
Web site: www.rgbnetworks.com
Arriving at an odd hour, in a lull between lunch and the evening crowds, there were plenty of seats to choose from at the scrubbed pine tables. Drei Bier, bitte. Three Spezial Lagerbiers. €2.30 each. Lovely soft carbonation, light caramel and raisins and a waft of sweet smoke on the back. That does the job. Food. Kassler with a rather strong Sauerkraut and bread. Spot on. Spezial Märzen please. Plummy, more raisins, a nice toasty edge under the soft rauch notes. Nicer than the bottled version. Far too easy to drink. Spezial Ungespundetes, the only unsmoked beer they make? Remarkably fruity aroma, like a mix of bubblegum and pear drops. Comes across in the flavour too, like liquidised candy. Not so sure if I like it, but it's hard to follow the smoked beers. If you're there, and it's on, go for this first. Spezial is a nice place, and it seems we spent a couple of hours here, shooting the breeze, catching up and sipping delicious beer. But I bet it's a lot better in the evening with a full crowd.
— Søren Kierkegaard, in The Sickness Unto Death
"Shades of Grey"
Sorry about the photo not being so great. I was fighting with the weather a bit over the weekend. Being new to the group, I have very few Texas related stamps. I'm going to have to come up with some creative ways to use the few I do have until I can purchase more. Since I've been in Christmas card mode lately, I decided to add another to the pile. Isn't this Texas flag ornament stamp the cutest?! I love it! I challenged myself to use more white space again. I'm kinda digging it. :)
Are you among the mindless sheep and KoolAid drinkers, or are you just a happy and content citizen? Together we can turn around this runaway train called out of control goverrnment spending and get our economy back on track.
New rules: Like I said, a bit of change is nice every once in a while. Here’s the catch, though: I have to be honest with you, I do quite like the current Codex. While that will probably devalue anything I have to say on the matter for many, let’s take a look:
Oh yea...the day after I underwent permanent body art for my dogs, Oakley decided my iPhone needed to be her new chewtoy. That's puppy love for ya ;)
James 1:8 A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
I think the ultimate balance is being able to do what you love for work, designating time to spend with the people important to you, and enjoying the journey that is made up of every minute of every day of your life.
There’s loads of choice for the expert panel, how about blowing a load of license fee money on bringing Dame Julie Andrews over. She originally played Eliza and was controversially overlooked for the film when Audrey Hepburn got the role. Having Julie (the original Eliza) would help to dispel the default preference for Audrey lookalikes.
It stresses me out a lot – even when I am not home. When everything is messy and out of order it makes me feel like my brain is messy and out of order.
Are you in the habit of forgetting people’s names – pin codes – passwords – telephone numbers or even house numbers? The good news is that now there are several ways to improve your memory. Healthy Living Can Improve Your Memory!
The web’s emphasis on list-making has been well documented on the content side. Mashable‘s entire M.O. is to present content as numbered lists (preferably odd numbers). Or should I say, in their article “The Top 7 Ways for Mashable to Present Content,” list-making is #1. They admitted as much in a tongue-in-cheek article a few years back where they outlined how their writers gamed the system.
14And I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle.
It also signals the start of pleasant motorcycling weather.
“Eight.”
The danger isn’t in the television. It just isn’t.
There will be a Fine Arts Fair on April 26, from 4-7 PM at the board of education. It will feature a live art auction, a cake auction, and live music.
not sleeping
I changed images, but kept her layout and overall color scheme. I am on a mission to use things I have had for a long time. This tag is one of them, so I can't even remember where the images are from -- if you know, let me know!
How about JB? Hmmm.. has he forgotten? I think he’s trying to move on, bit by bit. The Rubik’s cube is like his stress reliever. And that thing equals to Hae Sung. I think JB is inspired by Hae Sung because she’s trying to become better. He is even there helping her get up. So both of them have a positive pull. While Ri-An just pulls JB down somehow. Their scenes seem heavy most of the time, and the past is always the highlight. How can one move on if there’s constant reminder? Ri-An better move on as well. Maybe then will JB find his way back to her or completely cross another one.
Books like this are saviors for readers like Wesley. It's a book that he can read and read again. So the next time he's "out of books," he can return to the Worst-Case Scenario books until he finds his next read. Wesley has me thinking about more books for kids like him. Kids who love to read, but feel like they are "out of books."
Sé gathered up the pictures and studied her. “What did the symbols mean?”
And out of necessity, that is the lessen I am going to attempt with my garden this year. Where for most of the last decade I have put a huge amount of effort into trying to keep the local critters out of my substantial garden, I just don’t have the time or energy for that now.
Horse Fly
March 3 - 6, 2011
This feature article is brought to you by Mimi Delores, the author of Stay Fabulous and Healthy. ____________________
Me: Gerrardo, if a cougar pounces on you, you have to make a loud noise, clap your hands together...
I know I won’t forget her.
2 correlated
Every once in a while, an ad as bad as this will bring me out of my blogging coma to post it so you all can cringe with me. Here, Internet Explorer attempts to be funny, ironic and self-deprecating - and fails.How can you miss with the always hilarious go-to: guy getting tackled from offscreen! How about cats! Everyone loves cats! CUPCAKES? HELP! WE SUCK AND WE KNOW IT!
These are assumptions, based on cultural clichés, stereotypes, and personal experiences, which I realize is unfair to all those who are not at all this way. I don't want to make the case that *all* French men are perves -- this is far from true. The assumptions can get you into trouble, and not just French assumptions. I assssssumed, that American men were all on the up & up. Guess Again!
Lost In The Glare testifies that Barn Owl know this, and suggests they are perpetually trapped in that netherworld, probably by choice, working on their sound unnoticed in some low-watt cellar. Spacious and graceful, you might file this under ambient drone, but I think that does a disservice to the slow-burning intensity of this record, and the range of influences absorbed into the whole. There’s no infinite drifting here, always a build to something fierce yet indistinct. Something is always about to happen, often a plaintive picking of an old-English folk melody merges, incongruous against the dust-blown Eastern backdrops dragged from indistinguishable instruments. Even as they emerge and build, the hooks recede again, a shifting mirage in twilight. In and out weave the thumbprints of early Velvet Underground, the stripped-down Mogwai of Come On Die Young, the rain wet moors of Further-era Flying Saucer Attack and the slo-mo fuzz of latter-day drone metal.
One may ask the question, why now and why such a blitzkrieg, by passing all diplomatic norms, of even the worst of the Cold War and the 90s and quite literally fringing on war? Why during a parliamentary election and not the actual presidential? The West, that is the Anglo-West, did not even wait till the votes were counted to start its assault. Some areas were still voting and the OSCE had not yet said a word, when the Hitlery, er Hillery led assault began.
If the terms of protest can be opened up and redefined by those to whom that protest serves, then we’ll be free to decide how we will deal with the oppression we face. That freedom will begin a process that will invariably lead to the question of sacrifice. Do we really want to fail at making the impossible a reality for the next generation? Do we want the inheritance of the next generation to be the continuation of this struggle? Or do we want to be the generation that ushers in a new era of equality that will be unrivaled by any other era before it?
When I think about the times when I live in the moment. On the allotment, where I often just turn up, whatever mood I'm in, whatever the weather. I don't always know what I'm going to do. I just turn up and start somewhere on the plot... pulling up weeds for example, or planting something, or like last weekend, clearing the paths of weeds, covering them and putting chippings down. Most of the time, I focus on what I'm doing. It's very practical, often repetitive, and involves exertion. I'm conscious of what I'm doing, and whether it's hot, the birds chirruping, the strimmer somewhere on the plot, when the sun goes behind the clouds, whether I'm thirsty or not, how wet or dry the soil is, how it feels to dig the fork into the ground, the smell of the soil. I still think about other things, but the thoughts come and go. Often I can arrive in a bad mood or a tired mood or preoccupied and it works out by the time I finish. I notice what has grown a little more, I notice everything. It's the time when I am most observant of what's around me, but also observant of how I feel in a very uncomplicated way.
It puts things in perspective.
Angie had a bad asthma attack this weekend…finally went to the doctor’s on Monday after too many treatments at home. She took a treatment in the doctor’s office that did not good; he sent her to Infusion for the same kind of treatment she gets at the emergency room along with some oxygen. The doctor told her if that treatment didn’t help, he was going to admit her to the hospital. The treatment helped – not 100%, but she was breathing better. She has been home since then…I think she’ll stay home today. Now she’s coughing!
I can't believe a whole week has flown by. We haven't had any earth shattering events, just a lot of stuff going on. Alyssa has a lot of school stuff going on and has had a lot of demands on her time. I am very proud to say that she has been handling them very well!
at the edge of night
(v) Allah’s name cannot be given to His creatures
Weirdly enough, JP told me tonight at dinner that Roger, our contractor, made some mention about how I come across as intimidatingly smart. This shocked me because (1) I do not think I am at all intimidating for any reason and have actually worried in professional, opposing party type situations that I come off as too friendly and (2) the only conversations I've had with Roger involve measurements and picturing things that aren't yet built and I am absolutely terrible at that. We had to put a piece of paper on the floor and draw a diagram of our master shower from two different perspectives- that's how much I couldn't grasp the concept of our new bench. I think it must be because he's only seen me in suits and heels whereas he sees JP working in burnt orange basketball shorts and a t-shirt. The same burnt orange basketball shorts and t-shirt ever single day. I had to explain last night that "working from home" is not an excuse to forgo bathing and laundry.
To begin, preheat your oven to 300 degrees.
Eeee I'm off to Barcelona in a few days!.. Eeeeeeee!
Proceeds from THAT’S VOICEOVER! benefit the Alzheimer’s Association.
Now, I don’t know if you have noticed or not but I have an issue with conformity – doing things the way others do them. I am not saying it is wrong to do what others do, I just think its wrong to do what others want you to do if it is not what you want to do. Did you know that people make others conform all the time? In an experiment by Solomon Asch, people were seated together and told they were to test their own eye sight by choosing lines that were the closest in length. Everyone that was seated in the group, except one person, was in on the experiment and had scripted answers. After the first couple questions, they purposely all told the same wrong answer. The one person who was not in on the experiment most often would change his opinion to fit that of the others.
Anyway, enjoy a smoke if that’s what floats your boat, or a quiet ale or a noisy lager or whatever it is that you need to do to live, thrive and survive and remember the words of the twentieth century’s greatest thinkers – Bill & Ted; "Be Excellent to Each other!"
Trey-J did, I did not. She's been on my small boat so it's safe to say this was related to:
will be found translated in the late Henry Clarke Warren’s Buddhism in
If it's free, there's a reason.
~ Who am I grateful to have in my life?
mijn eindeloze liefdesdorst.
TILDA: I would, please.
Sometimes or a lot of times, we shop when we’re bored and that’s always a dangerous thing. Been there, done that ... a lot! More often than I care to admit. When we shop like that, we’re often trying to fill an emptiness that lives deep inside of us. We rarely recognize it as emptiness but it's a real void, a void we try to fill with "stuff." And that emptiness could never be filled with “stuff.” That kind of emptiness is something only God can fill. It's only His love and His healing touch that can fill that God shaped hole.
Daffodil Delight RGB: 255, 211, 92
He stood motionlessly, cup in hand, staring out across his yard. If someone had have been traveling down Foxtrot Road at that moment—perhaps on their way into town, headed for work—and looked into Richard Dansky’s front yard, they would have seen the distinct outline of a tall man. Even in the darkest hours of morning, a passerby would have noticed Richard’s rigid and expectant posture. Perhaps they would have noticed the way his chin was raised at an angle, as if he were deep in thought. They would probably assume that Richard was waiting with an almost inspirational gait for the southern Virginia sunrise as he thought about some unnamed task the day would bring.
had a German hefe nose,
My godson spent the weekend with us because my friend was out of town until Sunday morning, so my morning started with a 30-minute drive to get him to his soccer game by 10. I stayed for the game because otherwise no one would be there to cheer for him. I didn’t mind doing this because my friend is a single mom in need of a break. I made my youngest go with me because both my son and my husband were sick (and we do call her Trouble).
... there is no better song...
WOLMARANSSTAD: Two stock thieves arrested before further incidents.
Osama bin Laden finally, nearly a decade after the September 11th terrorist attacks, met his demise in a pre-dawn raid on his compound by a group of elite Navy SEALS from the Joint Special Operations Command. Soldiers from SEAL Team Six, also known as the Naval Special Warfare Development Group are considered to be the most elite warriors in the US military.
However, that really does not have me so bothered…. because it is a money maker I see…… however.. I think that it is a sad thing that I have to sit in the living room with my son when he wants to watch this WWF Smack Down stuff because the organization not only added more violence to the acts but women being added and dressing and talking soo provacatively……..
Which makes me wonder who put together this website, and who at the company approved it before it went live. Surely in a company celebrating its 200th anniversary there's somebody around who sewed with their thread in the last decade or two.
much love from the colemans.
McElwee picks up the narration after Leacock begins it, effectively beginning the film's transition. He describes how Sherman destroyed Atlanta, Columbia, S.C. and thousands of smaller towns, burning homes, plundering cattle and leaving an unprecedented path of destruction before bringing about a Confederate surrender in North Carolina. As McElwee notes, Sherman's march marked the first time in modern warfare where a campaign had been waged primarily against a civilian population. The director informs us that he first conceived the idea for the documentary about a decade before he actually filmed it, thinking it would be interesting to look at Sherman's lingering influence in the South and on Southerners. He shares the tale of an aunt who keeps in her attic an ancestor's couch which still bears the puncture holes from the swords of Sherman's troops who were searching for hidden loot. When McElwee finally received a grant that would allow him to fund such a documentary, before he returned to his Boston home to prepare, he stopped first in New York to share the good news with the woman that he'd been seeing. Unfortunately for Ross, when he arrived she informed him that she'd reconciled with her ex-boyfriend, knocking McElwee for a loop. He stayed in New York after they argued for awhile, taking refuge in a friend's vacant loft. Eventually, he decides to head south to see his family and begin his film but William Tecumseh Sherman's starring role has been usurped and the Sherman's March's title card makes its appearance followed by a subtitle added to more accurately reflect the documentary's broader scope in terms of subject matter.
Fury: Miranda Lambert has taken to Twitter to blast Chris Brown after his appearance at the Grammys
Before dinner, Ed and Susan Auler took us on a trip on the Fall Creek Ranch. This is Fall Creek Falls. It was stunning and serene at the same time. We stopped for some wine and smoked Alaskan salmon caught by Ed Auler on a trip to Alaska!
3. What materials and tools do you use?
Matthew 6:34 – The Bible (KJV) – Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Las Vegas Harley-Davidson Product Update
like a puzzle piece
Crystal Malt - 7.9%
6 to 10 ounces steak, pork, chicken, or shrimp, cubed
Rel shivered. "You can't seriously want to risk an unexplored Sherim in your condition!"
…is that, it can fly like a bit of second… (Yeah that quick when we’re together);
Pecks away.
It was a great evening, marred only by my mobile - I'd left the children home alone, as the eldest is capable of earning good money babysitting other people's kids and therefore has to do the odd freebie for me, all well and good until the babysitter goes to bed...which he had done (it was mid week afterall) and then the stupid dog got confused (not the sharpest knife in the drawer is our Logan, although if there was a crumb of food in said drawer he'd find it) everyone had gone to bed but he hadn't been out for his snack & a wee**. So the stupid beast had woken Jas by barking (Ben slept on, oblivious) and Jas upset and confused rang me. In retrospect it was probably a good job I was called away from Lulu's, the 3 (large) glasses of wine I consumed seemed like such a good idea at the time, but the following morning I had to suffer through 90 minutes of tortuous pilates and then a further equally painful 90 minutes of German - I think it's fair to say that it was not one of my better lessons, there were moments when I couldn't even remember the English words for what I wanted to say, let alone the German.
26 Rudy Wants To Buy Yez A Drink 2:46
I found them. And it was lovely. I had to walk up a mountain or two to get to them, but hey, no surprise there! I’d be surprised if there wasn’t a mountain I had to hike. I would be worried that I wasn’t in Granada anymore. Haha.
This next photo is the view I woke up to this morning,sorry about the telephone cable running across the shot.
There are things in me that are so tainted, so poisoned and violent, and I’ve been expressing them so freely these days I don’t even recognize myself. Maybe it was Lamia’s manipulation of me, her placing things in me to distort me into a grim mirror of what her real self had been. I can’t seem to make any head way with any of this. Even after everything, the more I think I understand, the more convoluted it all gets and I’m lost again, roaming corridors and ruins and deserts trying to find absolution that denies me. I have the power, I know that now. I have the Threads, I have my freedom from THE BASTARD and my neglectful Mother, but it doesn’t erase it all, doesn’t dry it all up and set me down upon a gilded throne where I can rule happily.
Europe – the northern portion of it, certainly – is like a plague zone.
USA, Arkansas – An icy blast tugged temperatures well below zero in a large swath of the South on Thursday, setting records for cold by late morning.
Everyone knows Pavlov right? Or if not maybe his dog? Pavlov carried out experiments known as “classic conditioning.” Let me sum it up. The bell rings and the dog drools. This happens because the dog was conditioned over time by them feeding him after ringing a bell. The bell rings, he expects food and drools. You may be wondering what this has to do with being immature. Well wait for it.
Novatka told police he is “perfectly sane,” and told them the correct day, where he was and what he was going and that he had no medical conditions to prove his sanity, the affidavit states.
Right. First things first. Victoria Bitter isn’t. But it used to be. Crown Lager is premium. It even says so on the label, but is it a Pilsner ? Pure Blonde is neither. Pale ale often isn’t. And Carlton Cold says it is beer. And is a Dortmunder export that you buy in Dortmund actually a Local ? And is lo-cal beer better for you ?
After church, on our way home we discussed why we were not celebrating Easter the way we normally did. I was amazed that the kids were totally fine with the change!
Today is also a big day the DS turned 26! It is hard to believe that the little newborn boy is all grown up taller than mom and dad and planning his own wedding. Wish I was closer to have given him a big hug today.
Hat tip: Dad/Mom
This is a personal post designed for Write On Edge’s RememebeRED memoir:
City of Ruin by Mark Charan Newton
Colton is still taking all of his feedings by mouth and last night before I left they took his feeding tube out of his nose!!!
My understanding of the world and myself in it is more a visual place. It probably is because I am nearsighted and I've always worn glasses. Jay and I were sent home by our first grade teacher because we couldn't read the blackboard. I remember walking home from the ophthalmologist at six and really seeing my mother for the first time. She had a red coat with a black beaver collar.
Hi Readers! So many folks sent in this story today, I present it to you in all its insanity, even though it struck me as a little too bizarre and garbled to be 100% accurate. For instance, the crazy accusations were reported to the press only by one of the accused. Ho ho hmm.
How do you 'mix' things up for your kids at meal times?
There finally came a time when decided that she wanted to go to a nursing home. So my mom and dad got all of her affairs in order, and off she went. Every week we took the kids in to see her, and they actually enjoyed playing bingo with the residents there. I know that she looked forward to those visits, and I do believe that she was learning to enjoy the freedom that came from not being worried about her medicenes. A few short weeks into her stay she once again became sick with pneumonia, heading into the hospital, and unable to shake it's grip, she went to be with Jesus.
The only realistic way to upgrade the thermal performance of a roof and maintain the existing covering, is to add insulation to the underside of the rafters. Sometimes this can be achieved by effectively extending the rafters, but the commonest way is to fix rigid insulation with an integral vapour control layer to the underside of the rafters.
The swimmer is made with a mix of Barry M Mushroom, H&M Love at First Sight and Hard Candy Splendid. His hair colour is Barry M Mushroom. Behind him is a shark fin that is made the way I made the shark fin on my pinky. I've added a little bit H&M Love at First Sight around the fin and the swimmer, it just gives a little more movement.
Falt li le coer, le helme li embrunchet,
paprika
American-style wedding cakes are also becoming more popular in France. The traditional cake here is a huge "piece montée" of cream puffs in a pyramid covered in caramel. Macaron pyramids are also pretty common here. The New York wedding had an ice cream bar in addition to the cake. I've seen dessert buffets in both countries, obviously dessert is important no matter where you are! Cakes in France, be it for birthday, wedding, or other occasion, always have these huge sparklers in them, it's like fireworks on a cake.
and the addNoteCommand event will fire the local function onAddNote.
I was having recess alone everyday and i was a victim in my class with bullies ransacking my school bag after recess. I cried but the teacher in the class simply ignored. I remembered praying to God during the school holidays so that the bullies will not harrass me after i start school again! Thank God, I was saved from that very day i prayed! Even as a kid, i hoped that someone could really write me a note to say “Ignore the bullies, you are beautiful!”
…while the rest of the family remained inside, upstairs.
see the joy in the world around us,
1 stick unsalted butter, softened
Are only reached by anguish and by pain;
and all were baptized into Moses in the cloud and in the sea;
I can't believe she sounds as good as she does, I swear, given the way she sounded before the surgery and immediately thereafter. She sounded SO incredibly weak beforehand, and her coloring was just wiped out. I swear, I thought for a second that this had all (finally) turned her hair gray.
Tue-AM: 1:14, 2500' ~ Green Mt.
My sweets, what are you doing this weekend? My mom is coming from Michigan to visit tomorrow, and Alex and I are taking a staycation in New York next week! Alex is staying home from work, and my mom will hang out with Toby while Alex and I go on adventures, like taking snowy bike rides, going to a speakeasy in Queens and having long dinners with friends. We're even considering staying in a hotel for a night (is that crazy?). I'm so excited for a breather and want to give my mom a huge kiss for letting us galavant around the city!
I did read Jack London’s book while at school, but must admit my memory of it is pretty hazy after all these years. However, I know it is mainly focused on the animal story, told from the viewpoint of an unusual dog, Buck, who is taken to the Klondike gold fields but eventually leaves his owners to become the leader of a wolf pack. Wellman’s film adaptation does feature a dog – a beautiful and talented St Bernard – but the animal story is very much in second place to that of the human characters, with a romance between Clark Gable and Loretta Young dominating the drama. This means some Jack London fans are rather dismayed by this version, but, if you don’t worry about the book, I think the film stands up well on its own.
(Laughter.)With regard to the jury instructions and standards of proof, Waxman had this interesting point:
Time to open the Alamos Red Blend 2010.
It's one of those little things that makes a birthday extra special in our house.
In the end, Matthew missed out on the party completely - he had a fever that morning, so he had to stay home from school that day. Poor kid, he was so upset! He kept saying, "But they're going to have a pinata!". So I saved some jello just for him, and then I brought the rest to school. Hope everyone at the party enjoyed it!
But, most of all I am grateful for the
The "400,000 PLR Articles Package" is a huge collection of over 1,000,000 quality articles, all written by professional copywriters.
But to say that it is none of our business/ that it does not concern ordinary tax payers How much , The highest position in the land gets in income. Is so hypocrytical & insulting. Every penny he earns should be common knowledge. including the amounts of money earned through rental. There should never be a question mark over how much he earns.
Chavela's isn't the only new biz dolling up:
p.p.p.s. I use BlogLovin' to follow my fave blogs now cos I'm cool. Oh and facebook and hotmail (I know, hotmail is owned by Microsoft who own windows. Forget I ever mentioned it)
"A Cloudy rainey morning after a wet night."
I believe my state of mind during them days wasn’t as strong as it is now. I’ve had time to get myself back, I’m very grateful to someone I once worked with for talking me out of taking a step into the unknown.
.....Enjoy the rest of the weekend.....
In the end, I’m not entirely sure what I was supposed to take from The Ballad of Jack and Rose. It’s such a specific story, and the narrow focus makes it difficult for some of the larger themes to translate. For example, the rebellion of adolescence is a pretty universal concept, but as it develops within Rose’s insular world, her form of rebellion can be hard to relate to, even for someone who knows some of where she’s coming from.
For those who are into reading detective/mystery type books, I would definitely recommend reading, The Corruptible by Mark Mynheir. The journey throughout the book leaves the reader feeling the need to find out what happens. This is definitely a page turner and I have added it to my favorites list. I have given this book a 5 (five) star rating.
Basically I need to recognise when to ask for help.
This whole moving into a place which hasn't been built yet has really been a real test on my patience. I think it was June when we actually signed the papers and purchased our condo, and by the way, just last week we received our first "notice of delay" on our move-in date. The new closing date is now set for July 23, 2012. Claridge is only allowed to give us 3 "notice of delays", and they all must be a minimum of 90 days before the closing date. After the third notice we can either opt to cancel the contract and receive reimbursements or they are fined and we receive a payment. I'm not sure of all the details that go along with that - I'm just hoping we don't' need to go there. Maybe after "notice of delay" #2 I will look into it.
It was a running joke that they sometimes called me “Bee Girl” and there is a famous line from the film, “Have you ever been stung by a dead bee?”
After the jury trial in October, we will then pick up the process of the 5th Circuit appeal, which will be led again by our attorney, Peter Schey (Center for Human Rights and Constitutional Law) who on a conference call yesterday, faithfully committed to our elders to continue to challenge the gross violations of the constitution and civil rights.
September 30 – Civic Coliseum, Knoxville, TN
New York Cheesecake
I swear to god, I completely jinxed us all to hell last week. Last Friday I posted that recipe (which was so good Stéphane made me make it again this week), and that evening the three of us were hanging out on the couch and I had this moment of complete happiness.
Although the Confederates seemed to be emerging as victors of the battle, a minor mishap and Grant’s stubborn refusal to crumble under in defeat, led to an eventual victory for the Union. Around 2:30 p.m., General Johnston was leading a charge against a Union camp near a peach orchard, when he took a bullet behind his right knee. Johnston did not believe the wound was serious at the time and instead, sent his personal physician to tend some captured wounded Union soldiers. Although he did not feel anything, the bullet (possibly fired by friendly fire) had in fact clipped a part of his popliteal artery. Within minutes, his boot filled up with blood and Johnston’s staff saw that he was on the verge of fainting. It did not take long before he finally died and command of the Confederate forces fell upon General Beauregard.
Boil the pasta.
FigureSkater and I met the summer before our senior years of high school (2005). My family was on vacation in Colorado, and she was there with a group who was competing in the State Games figure skating competition. We ended up a restaurant together, and after my family had finished our meal, I approached the table of the 5 girls (their parents were sitting at a separate table), and started chatting them up.
So why is it so important to be right that one forgets to do right? By having faith I’m not robbing anyone of anything. I’m not using up some valuable resource there’s a limited amount of. Having faith doesn’t affect anyone’s lives really, except mine and the ones in my life that are treated better for it. Because having faith makes me feel better overall. Just knowing there is someone who loved me so much that He sent someone to die for my sins, so I could be saved, is the greatest comfort there is. I have experienced that love first hand throughout my entire sordid life. I am alive because of it. And I know that God gave me this, so please don’t belittle my faith.
She’s known to be Cheryl Cole but it seems that the Girls Aloud beauty is set to drop her last name which she adapted to after marrying her ex – husband Ashley Cole in 2006.
Should Bible Study and Vegas be in the same sentence??? J/K. My sister-in-law Kay had to do an audit for work and was sweet enough to invite Amy and me along for four nights of sister-in-law togetherness. I certainly had a great time with Amy and Kay but I think it's safe to say I'm not a Vegas kind of girl.
Lunch: Slim-Fast shake
So here's my card:
Archive Media Publishing Ltd v MCPS is the first ruling of the newly-streamlined version of the UK's Copyright Tribunal. Decisions of the tribunal are held on the Intellectual Property Office website and you can find this one here. As Copyright Tribunals go, it's of historical importance, being the first decision under the small applications track, the matter being decided entirely on paper and without a hearing.
The CGNA listserv is an all volunteer community forum serving Carroll Gardens. Everyone from the neighborhood - renters, owners, business owners and others who work here - are welcome.
However, in order to be able to answer the question each week, you do need some idea of what you’ve done. Which leads me to todays topic/question: do you keep track of what you do? And, if you do, how do you keep track? I don’t really have a single specific method that I use. And I can’t avocate for any specific method. For me, I do have a few places where I can at least look and get an idea of what I’ve done.
While in London, the singer took some time to visit her pal Drake, who was in town performing at the O2 arena earlier this week. The singer was spotted riding the Tube to the show on Tuesday night. Wearing her hair blond and shaggy, she was decked out in thigh-high boots, a leather jacket and a flame-embossed T shirt over barely there denim shorts. The only way she disguised herself was with a pair of sunglasses.
Sir Paul passed the milestone almost six years ago, has millions of admirers worldwide telling him he’s still needed, and is feeding himself just fine. What about us?
16. They Might Be Giants - Join Us
4. Tag three others and ask them to do the same.
From the hospital.
As we were driving to Walmart, the rain started to fall. By the time we reached the Walmart parking lot it was a torrential downpour. We drove around for a while, waited for the rain to slow a bit, and then we all huddled underneath the umbrella and made our way into the store.
He was singing “Stop Draggin My Heart Around” with Elise Testone and when he did that little dance while singing “this doesn’t have to be the big get even. This doesn’t have to be anything at all” there was a slight shift and … I had a crush. A big, cougar crush on this annoying, irritating guy. He’s not even my TYPE if he weren’t already half my age. I don’t like blondes… or light brown, whatever that color is. (except on Brad Pitt, can you blame me?)
After every lawsuit, experts give many recommendations for domestic companies to improve their defence. In your opinion, how have Vietnamese producers improved so far?
1) Responding in Song was a natural thing to do.
10. control and dumbing down of media
that Laura’s been really freaked out by. We’re supposed to be a civilized society and we’re regressing into a situation where these things are actually on the political agenda… insanity.
And there's this awesome way to layer the Picket Fence Distress Stain with the other 36 colors - I explain it all in my review on Craft Test Dummies. This gorgeous, shimmery piece of Kraft Resist paper is all ready to add to a card front or some other project.
Health is good, we must remind you
So, be on the lookout for a "Gadgets " section with an "Advertise products" choice when writing your posts. If it is there, then select an ad and include it in your article!
What?! When? What?! How?!
If you're reading this Sharon, I love you. If the kids are asleep, please look in on them for me. Take in the beauty of the three miracles we have created, and know that I am thinking of them too. And you...
Breathe.
The scene below was shot on a helipad of a building at Nuritkum Square in Sangam Seoul. The actors conveyed intense passion and didn’t show their exhaustion despite shooting for a long period of time.
And the more I think
7. Jericho (Myers-Robin)
Pack 7:
Then there's the loo. We won't go there - teenage sons you know. I'm hoping Sophie and Emma won't go there either. Maybe if I give them weeny, weeny cups of coffee, they won't need a wee wee and risk life long trauma?
John W. Landis
Seriously it's nonstop in this house. Nothing is ever just calm. Why?????? Yesterday I noticed a lump on Davinci's face. I'm not going to post a picture, it's gross looking. I was thinking it was an infected ingrown hair or something along those lines. Clearly I'm not an expert so naturally I took him to the vet today to get it checked out.
1.Heat oil in a large skillet. Add chicken pieces and cook until lightly browned. Remove chicken. Add remaining ingredients, heating over medium heat until well mixed and dissolved. Add chicken and bring to a hard boil.
I love the above quote as it is especially apt today as not only am I doing a Layout which is not in my comfort zone but my layout subject is Mine - Independence Mine - Alaska.
If you look through a campus coffee-shop bulletin board, in all likelihood you will see notices for more than a dozen militant organizations with the word "peace" in their titles. Or try the internet -- while googling up random lefty sites, you will find, for example, a list of local "activist" organizations in Austin Texas. On the progressiveaustin.org page are: Peace In Austin, Austin Center for Peace and Justice, Austin Dialog for Peace and Justice, Austin Peace and Justice Coalition, Austin Taxpayers for Peace, Buddhist Peace Fellowship, Dialog for Peace, Jewish Alliance for Justice and Peace, Peace Action Texas, Peace Works, South Austin Neighbors for Peace, Students United for Peace and Justice, Texans for Peace, and Veterans for Peace. If you relax the rules to include Latin synonyms, you could add Pax Christi.
Davies is interesting because while he is quite well known as a sculptor he is nowhere near as public a figure as Francis Bacon was. Sir Robert Sainsbury (1906-2000) must have picked up his work before Davies even in his thirties, and his work lives most intensely here in the early Norman Foster building.
Jeanette Brox (Ruth) does a wonderful job as the more mousey of the three. However, she speaks always in a whisper and I had to turn the sound up to hear her, and she looks like someone squished Renee Zelweiger down and taught her to act. Brox has mostly TV credits to her name with just a few feature films, but is easily the best in this group and the pivot around which the other characters revolve. Incidentally, Brox won the Los Angeles IFP/West Film Festival award for Outstanding Performance in this film.
Almost all mountain bikes will fit into this category. Cross country mountain bikes are light weight, making them easy to ride over most terrains, even up and down hills. This is the most common mountain bike and it can be used with ease for riding on the path or even commuting.
Except for those I have of you
Husband monthly income - £1800 (TAKE HOME - £1350)
Ref: Cover Art of Exhibition of Artifacts & Art of the Dogon Tribes at Paris
Embossing powders - clear and ranger gold
As for Mr. Palm’s mention of the three universities who teach full inerrancy, this is another example of his naivety.
Hugh B. Brown once said, “There are people fond of saying that women are the weaker instruments, but I don’t believe it. Physically they may be, but spiritually, morally, religiously, and in faith, what man can match a woman who is really converted to the gospel! Women are more willing to make sacrifices than are men, more patient in suffering, more earnest in prayer. They are the peers and often superior to men in resilience, in goodness, in morality, and in faith.” (Sept. 29, 1965.)
Hi, this is Katie. I want to say thank you to everybody all over the world that is praying for me. My Mom showed me your comments and I think that is really cool.
A Facebook friend of mine, Jack, put the following post on his Facebook page. Rather than comment there, I decided to steal his post and make a new post for the Grouch. Here is Jack’s original post:
Needless to say, they no longer go to that dealership to have their car serviced.
Additional symbolism within the five-pointed star is the number 2 representing the feminine (points of fire and air), and the number 3 representing the masculine (points of spirit, water and earth). By connecting all 5 tips of the pentacle, you create the witches' pyramid.
I thought it was funny that Ryan was riding his blanket like it was a magic carpet but then he shocked me with his words. But, in true blogger style I couldn't push the stop button on this video.
I'm not even sure I've had a washed rind sheeps' cheese before but like most sheeps cheeses it wasn't quite as rich as cows' cheeses - a benefit when you have the unctuous texture of a washed rind cheese to contend with. As you can see it was in perfect condition - wonderfully rich and savoury, but not over the top flavour-wise. So not particularly 'stinky'.
Connected we are in silence love, calm
direct from Paris, with the red soles
May was declared National Short Story Month in the US by Dan Wickett of the Emerging Writers Network a few years ago, and, wonderfully, others have followed his lead. Doesn't matter whether you are US-based, here's a great excuse to celebrate the short story even more than we do already! A few links to get you started:
end up worrying too much.
the tiny women sickling corn.
Inside the Beltway: Polls don’t hold strong promise for Santorum TENNESSEE: ET Dems rally, predict comeback Obama: Women not ‘interest group’ Pink Slime. Jamie Oliver Food Revolution Jamie Oliver – Chicken Nuggets Experiment (2010-03-26) What’s in a Filet of Fish Sandwich at McDonald’s? Woman Finds Fried Chicken Head In Her McDonald’s Nuggets! Funny Gross Accident!
You won't see us on the T.V.
There could be up to 120,000 offspring over a seven-year period from one pair of fertile cats, Williams said.
One example we're all familiar with is Palestine. Neither side is willing to share the city. Each feels that if they don't win complete control of the geography, they've lost.
Results of the research, which was supported by the U.S. Geological Survey, the U.S. Forest Service and Oregon State University, have been published online in Geophysical Research Letters.
not only did it feel good to walk upon the historical brick walkway
It is finally done, minus a headboard, a new comforter, and a few posters. And, it is beautiful. Besides the bitchen new Container Store hardware-installed closets with the sliding mirror doors, there's a desk, her dresser has an "ambient orb" on top of it, which is as cool as it sounds, a new CD player, a new clock radio that shows the time in a variation of colors, accordion toy baskets that hang from the ceiling, and her insanely comfortable bed with the top-of-the-line Serta mattress. In short, as the man put it, it's the perfect kid's room.
"unhindered and permanent monitoring of Israel’s nuclear potential and Iran’s nuclear facility through an international entity that the government of both countries would approve.”
Considering how busy we were yesterday it was a pretty good day. We didn't get home until after 9:00PM, put Brenna straight to bed (she'd fallen asleep in the car coming back from my mom's house), and went to bed ourselves.
I want to tell you how I made it, because it looks crappy in the picture,
THE SUBSTANCE tells the story of a drug – its discovery in the Basle chemistry lab, the first experiments by Albert Hofmann on himself, the 1950s experiments of the psychiatrists, the consciousness researchers, the artists.
1 Timothy 4:1
This product comes in 1.7 ounce roll-on bottle, usually for $1.25 (!), now on sale for $0.99 (!) and a larger 2.6 ounce bottle, usually for $1.99, now on sale for $1.49. The deodorant I’ve been using the past few years (Secret) is usually 4 bucks a pop, and these prices combined with a great quality product is music to my ears.
I can’t see what the problem is. Boys in her classroom will now pay her more attention, which is precisely what they should be doing. Perhaps the school is worried that some of these boys, in the privacy of their bedrooms, will use the photos as an aid to self-abuse. To address this particular concern, I will pass on some intelligence from my friend Smacker Ramrod, the circus vet. He once told me that the onanism he practiced as a boy fell into two distinct categories:
With Dave now a full-time college student (way to go, baby!) and essentially a stay-at-home dad/housekeeper, me working full-time, both of us coaching Thing 2′s junior baseball team two days a week and Thing 1 in baseball practice another two days a week, we’re stretched thin. Very thin. I posted on Facebook the other day (my first post in a couple of weeks), “I wish all the running around we do for kids (and ourselves) could count as exercise and burn calories, because I’m exhausted!”
My wish for you is to remember–
And now something not directly related — this is an example which illustrates the kind of reckless experiments on people that fly right under the radar of the corporate media:
2 tbs butter
and I really wish you did so you could help her.
During this trip I heard sad news. We lost another sweet girl to Cancer... Rest In Peace Lauren. You will be missed.
5. Pork stew meat, .99/lb. at El Rancho Supermercado (through 11/30/10)
But, it was not just a night of CD promotion, though I heard there might have been CDs available at the bar. George touched the heart with beautiful ballads that wrenched at the soul. He performed a more traditional version of “Caledonia” which was so beautiful that I spent most of it in tears. “Ordinary Man” established George as an everyman’s folk singer in a song that was both passionate and powerful. In fact, it was George’s passion throughout the entire night that had me so taken and wishing that we could get more of this in Celtic Thunder shows. It wasn’t just this one song… it was the entire setlist. George infused every song with so much emotion, alternating from passion to tenderness sometimes so quickly and effortlessly that I hadn’t even realized that he had done it. It was the passion that made you really feel the stories being told.
This assumption of trust can occur in wine stores. A number of customers walk into a wine store and ask for a recommendation from an employee, trusting that the employee will choose wisely for them. When the employee offers a recommendation, the customer may then immediately purchase that wine, trusting that they have not been led astray. They don't ask about the employee's credentials or whether they hold any certifications. They don't ask about their years of experience or their areas of expertise. The mere fact that the employee works in the wine store is enough for some customers to imbue trust in that employee.
Ink - SU Wild Wasabi, Memento Black, PTI Inking Cube Chai, Copics
It was a very strange morning today. I left for work and wondered if my clocks were wrong. But there area a lot of clocks. They couldn’t ALL be wrong?
Iván Meade - What was your first experience with design?
And as we all know, he has turned out to be really good in that area. By now, though, he must be very busy.
1228. Italian Hoagies & Cheesesteak split @ The White House (Atlantic City, NJ) 6:13
Where you find young people more often than not you shall find binge drinking, especially in areas with universities. According to the Office for National Statistics there were 8,790 alcohol-related deaths in the UK during 2010.
**Medieval Times is seriously one of the best experiences I've ever had. The thing that makes it so much fun is that there are NO RULES. The show wasn't ruined with lots of "turn off your cell phone!" and "quiet down, everyone" announcements. Guests could walk in and out of the stadium as they pleased. Bartenders were sent out to take drink orders several times during the show.
When I first joined Facebook, like many new members, I hadn’t a clue what to do, so I became a moderator of an almost defunct writing group called the Suspense/Thriller Writers. Sounds ho-hum, doesn’t it? But it was that simple. I was trolling around the site, looking for groups that might interest me, and I stumbled on that particular group. It had eight members at the time. On the right sideboard was a button that said, “become a moderator of this group.” I was curious what becoming a moderator would entail, so I clicked the button. And that’s how I became the moderator of the group. To make it a viable group, rather than a typical Facebook group where people just posted book covers and other promotional bits, I decided to have weekly discussions.
When I was a child caravanning holidays were very much the done thing. I can’t even begin to recall the amount of time I must have spent as youngster in what we laughingly refer to as the height of British summer listening to the rain hammer against the tin lid of some ghastly, probably infested rented tin can on wheels whilst being forced to play family card games until the weather lets up enough that we can go back outside and visit some crumbling castle or a craft fair. British caravanning is monumentally dull. The only notable thing that ever happened to me whilst staying in a caravan was I fell off a small craggy outcrop whilst chasing a goat. I was warned repeatedly, this was entirely my own fault. But the point remains; again, neither sexy or cool.
The lack of decisive action at eurozone summits shows that the eurozone leaders are in complete disarray. Each time they proclaim everything will be fine, Greece will not be allowed to default or be pushed out of the eurozone. The big investors in financial markets, however, do not take these reassurances seriously. Most of the strategists who speak for investment banks, etc, now believe that a Greek default is inevitable and will result in an exit from the eurozone.
the dome fought the barriers of love and reflection
Who followed their Commander,
2) Client does not need an hourly update
We bear the armor of the Lord
To this day, the cats we call tortoiseshell are the descendants of that black cat that long ago hosted the sun during its visit to Earth. Today we can still see hints of the sun in the patches of red, yellow and orange that cover their coats. The split face on some of these cats is further evidence of their dual nature; half cat, half heavenly star.
Theresa Russell (Whore)
Partner #2:
Format: LP
Charge up new Garmin and set it up as needed. (Let's not be looking at this for the first time on Saturday, okay?) It's the same as my old one, so this shouldn't be too difficult, right?
A Hungry
Character is the foundation on which you build your life. It all begins with character, because leadership operates on the basis of trust. Your trust in God reveals your character towards God.
On the opposite coast, the 2012 National Canadian Celiac Association Conference is taking place from May 25 – 27 in Kelowna, B.C. Looks like there will be lots of interesting speakers and topics, so if you’re in the area, it might be worth a visit!
You sound like you are very much into experiencing the “moment”?
I think it has to have been almost a year since I've posted on here, which is a tad bad. No, not just a tad. A lot bad. Excuse the poor grammar. Getting caught up in school (aka too many assessments) and work and other numerous things that make up my life has led me to neglect something I really enjoy doing.
Have you ever seen a Death Certificate that featured a BIRTH NUMBER?
The results of this process have been mixed. While adjusting to living in a new country was, for the most part, exhausting, it was also a fantastic distraction from the people and activities I missed. But, as over the past few weeks I began to develop mindless habits and routines, I also started to feel trapped in the city. I realized how much I missed small, seemingly unimportant things like cycling, UW classes, or Thai food, and I couldn’t seem to replace them with Chilean equivalents. I don’t mean to imply that life had been monotonous – two weekends ago by chance I met the local cycling activist group, to my knowledge four members strong, at a dubstep party. The following week I turned in my first paper written in Spanish, which, given that I write roughly a page every three hours, took quite a while to complete – but instead that I had been starting to feel normal yet in a manner that was slightly lacking.
the dudes.
Since Stephanie died, I have not been to downtown Frederick more than twice. Both times were related to my divorce. In my mind, Stephanie and downtown Frederick are all twined together. She lived there, off and on. She was mugged there, which led to the events surrounding her death. Her car was impounded in a garage there, which charged $1600 to get it back and would not let us take a look inside to find out if there was even anything in the car before making Paul pay up. She held jobs in downtown Frederick, like the one she had at the British foods store. It was in that store, while I was waiting for her, that I giggled over the name "Spotted Dick" for the first time.
In the meantime, you dickhead, your stupid-ass antics are making life a bit more difficult for millions of law-abiding CHL holders who have no aspirations to play hero. Thanks to you, we're being judged as though we're all of your challenged IQ and abilities.
During the latter part of the war, while flying over an Ecuadorian anti-aircraft battery, Quinones’s plane sustained damage. He is considered a national hero for his sacrifice by crashing his plane into the Ecuadorian position.
The thing is, this short moment of freedom was quickly replaced with fear. Here is how THAT happened. We began figuring out where to put the money that we had been putting towards his truck. Well, we need to start saving for his fall tuition, and for taxes for 2012, oh and I really need to start a freaking food storage since I am afraid that people are going to go crazy next year and food will be bare on the grocery shelves, and then we'll need a gun if the end of the world really is coming and we get attacked by zombies, and oh my gosh, how on earth did we ever think we could ever take another vacation, and we still need to pay off MY car, and our credit card, and ... Like I said, that freeing moment fled and it fled fast.
Love You TIll Friday
The game was conceived by Warren Davis and Jeff Lee. Lee designed the titular character based on childhood influences and gave Q*bert a large nose that shoots projectiles. His original idea involved traversing a pyramid to shoot enemies, but Davis removed the shooting game mechanic to simplify gameplay. Q*bert was developed under the project name Cubes, but was briefly named Snots And Boogers and @!#?@! during development.
Everything about the letter brought me to tears. In all fairness, everything has been bringing me to tears since I’ve received the affidavit: pictures of my son; a message of encouragement from a Facebook friend; conversations with potential lawyers; my magnificent coffee cup. Le Clown is a clever writer, but he’s also easily stirred. Some say his sensitivity is a wonderful quality; Le Clown wishes he could write without crying.
This online application has a number of interesting effects. Of course, safety and security of your personal information is tantamount. Google treats user information here the same as with any other of the services it provides which collect information. It takes care to ensure the safety and integrity of personal information.
i don't know how to make that "do i look notty?" or "sebenarnya i nak kata i cute tapi i letak caption "omg buruknya i!! #sadface" so that people would tell me what i already know - i am cute" looks.
Happy training!
Some critics accused the Russians of cutting corners by using an old Atari game console to navigate the craft, while other critics say the new film in the Mission Impossible franchise, Ghost Protocol, is the best of the four.
and/ or listen to 24/7 recorded message 1-800-931-0177
4) I have a cousin who...
Last night, my son proudly displayed his graduating class shirt. I was excited to share this adolescent moment with him. Proud mama of a graduating kid. But then the moment took on a whole new meaning. He said, “mom look at the designer signature on the bottom!”. When I saw the name, I immediately had tears in my eyes. The designer was my son! He then said, “Mom, there were designs way better than mine. But I did what you always tell us. I kept believing and seeing myself as the winner no matter what the other designs were.”
1999 – American Beauty
One of the best parts of all of the treat and gift giving this time of year is the packaging. Don't you agree? I've been heading to the post office just about every other day with happy mail I have been sending for Ruffled Sunshine and gifts I've been giving. Luckily I have a post office just down the road in the grocery store so I can skip the lines!
I don't want to end this post on a shitty note, so I'll end with this instead:
In 2011, targeted attacks diversified to span more organizations beyond government agencies, the traditional objects of targeted attacks.
Most folks don’t realize that Montana has regions known as high cold desert. We live in one of those areas.
The meat was tender juicy, the burger held together only deliciously coming apart as I chewed it and the cheese I liked though I'm not sure what you all might feel about it, it tasted similar to the cheese in baked macaroni I've gotten from Halal shops all over Brooklyn, which I love.
Even though everything went according to plan, even though everything seemed to fall into the right place at the right time, nature took over and left me a small reminder that, no matter what I want or think I need to do, I have little or no control over what happens in the end. Just after Christmas I ended up with a serious cold which evolved into a light lung infection. I spent most of the period around New Year with a fever, coughing up all kinds of foul stuff and feeling thoroughly miserable. At which point I realised that whatever my plans had been, there was absolutely no point in trying to run 21 kilometres unless I really wanted to harm myself.
“We do sir. The two men responsible form the band Beehoover. Their base of operations is Esslingen, Germany. They are located there now.”
I drove the false god out of my home about twelve years ago by deciding to not replace the last of its avatars which had infested my space. I still see some of it occasionally in other places but I've never regretted being rid of it. It has two serious evils; it is non-interactive and acts as an anchor to the viewer who is trapped by it.
"It is simply unacceptable that this life-line be cut off for any period of time," said Mchunu.
He had no idea what had been the impetus behind inviting a ninety-year-old woman for Thanksgiving dinner. But he took solace in the fact that Susan was actually cooking a holiday dinner complete with pumpkin pie.
Even in tough budget times, there are lines that cannot be crossed. So I was startled by this tidbit reported recently by The Associated Press: When Sarah Palin was mayor of Wasilla, Alaska, the small town began billing sexual-assault victims for the cost of rape kits and forensic exams.
Other than that, winners will be announced next Monday, so make sure to check back. You'll have 48 hours to respond to our email, or new winners will be drawn.
James Blakely’s “The Steal Deal” reads like an homage to Mickey Spillane Mike Hammer novels replete with witty repartee and smug confidence displayed by Blakely’s larger than life PI – Sonny Busco. With female character names like Pixy, Bambi, and Bevel Brand, it is no surprise Busco throws out lines like there is no tomorrow. The novel’s overall voice and narrative is perfectly executed. Just take a read of this passage:
Just raise taxes, running more business and jobs out of California.
When you have kissed him is
Last, you'll notice on my final mountains that it has the pretty purple fade. After I was done feathering the blue and the gray I added a faint layer of BV31. How much is a matter of personal taste.
Although the room is small, we luckily were able to squeeze in a double bed, in which I've been sleeping since Toby was born. (As a new mom, I can't handle being a hallway away quite yet!) To spruce up the bed, Jenny made the blue-and-white striped fabric headboard. Bonus: It's really soft and comfy to lean against when I'm nursing Toby at 2a.m. (and 4a.m. and 6a.m....) (She also scouted the vintage bedside lamp and the cute yellow stool.)
The brown one always whinnies quite loudly whenever he's left on his own in the paddock. Just doesn't like being on his own I guess.
4th CFL-1 Jeff Majaika
Barbie was my favorite. She was a blond bubble cut-2nd generation. I also got her Corvette car & her Canape bed. I played with her & pulled her in the car up & down the street for several years. Each night she was put to sleep in her beautiful bed! I still have her in the original box which is displayed in our curio coffee table in the living room. She is wearing her "Stewardess uniform - American Airlines". The bed fell apart but, I still have the Car!!
A quote from Mireille Guiliano comes to mind. The best cook in the world can't make good food from poor ingredients; and it takes some perverse genius to turn great ingredients into bad food. Good food responds best to the simplest preparation; you really can't go wrong when you start with quality.The Farmer's Market, bringing the best of the earth to our kitchen table.
She stomped her foot on the ground, crossed her arms and shouted,
Sure, sometimes I let insecurity creep in (well, okay, a lot of times), but I really do believe absolutely and completely that all learning has value. And that whatever I (or anyone else) decide to do with my time, be it studying biology, hiking, learning Latin, watching bugs crawl up stalks of grass, or (even!) playing video games, it all has value.
Add your blog post link to the linky underneath my Cake of the Week post and lets admire each other’s creations.
Last thursday me and Jo from goldrush popped down to Kings Road, near Sloane Square to see all the jewels at the wonderful new Azendi shop. We met up with Sarah and Lisa there who are both on our sister course at uni. Such a small world. Lisa took us around the store and showed us some fabulous jewellery. My personal favourites were the shaun leane and stephen webster jewellery and the sick twina watches (more over toy watch). We chatted, drank cocktails, got abit tipsy (drunk), had a nibble on some sushi and had a grand night. Even ronnie wood turned up to see what was going on. The store is beautiful and all jewellery looks spectacular in it. If your ever in london you should definitely venture down to 104 kings road to have a look around. Its an beautiful area.
I need to move North, like Alaska north. Well really, upstate NY north, but whatever....
Click below to gobble up the entire, yummy bag of 19 posts. Bon Appetite!
Broil the tomatoes until they’re blackened all over.
“No!” said the Leader sharply. “Do not say so. You merely experienced discomfort as a concept of which we are objectively aware, but cannot participate in.”
I used :
Rolling your windy tides across the sky,
Sign in airport declares: "Penalty Imprisonment: X Months $XXX Fine."
Normally I come up with resolutions that last oh… a week or so and then go back to my old ways. (By the way, what’s so wrong with the old way of doing things?) But not this year. This year, I wrote my very first blog on January 1st and went on to write 22 more blog over the next 365 days. I surprised myself with my continued attention to this blog and the enjoyment I got from each writing session. It is incredibly liberating to just share stories from my life with whoever wants to listen. It’s been surprising to watch how many people view my stories, comment on them, and then… then… find out that people actually subscribed to my blog! (OK, so it’s like 6, but that’s REALLY exciting to me!)
On September 12, 1905, approximately 100 people met in a loft over Peck’s Restaurant, at 140 Fulton Street, in lower Manhattan. The purpose of the meeting was to strategize the overthrow of the Christian worldview that still pervaded much of American culture and to replace it with the ideas of a then rather unknown writer by the name of Karl Marx. They called the organization they formed that day the Intercollegiate Socialist Society.
Khan academy & fun Math games
When human eyes doth pierce thy veil sublime.
Don’t have to query (no rejection letters!)
Now all grown up, returning to Krabi had left a complete different feeling in me once more. It's still beautiful, full of lush green forests, crystal clear blue sea and perfect soft white sand. Just the way I remember it. Can you imagine yourself sinking your toes into the white soft sand right now?
To say you don’t care about such, heck you got to be tough
There is a monkey park and a bird sanctuary very near to the Wine Estate, so in a very organised fashion we went to Bramon in the morning to book a nice table in the vines for lunch at 1pm and then went off to Monkeyland for the rest of the morning. You get a guided walking tour around the forest that is very informative for kids and adults. More than 450 primates live and free-roam around the forest. It is an amazing feeling to be that close to so many different types of monkeys and lemurs that are living in a natural habitat.
Luckily I have a job that effects people in a positive way. And a singer who writes things who inspire people. I recognize that, and this is one of a few career choices that I find worth in. That doesn't mean what people do isn't worthwhile, this is just my personal set of unfounded expectations for the world. You have to do what you have to do to get by, and a self-righteous point of view doesn't always fit into that. But if there is anything this little documentary taught me, is that we ALL can be doing something more. No matter what position you're in.
this is my letter to her from aug or so i sent on myspace that i told you about. i also attached the letter from the plastic surgeon ..
Entry #56
“The lesson that oppressed groups learned from 1848 was that it would not be easy to transform the system, and that the likelihood that ‘spontaneous’ uprisings would in fact be able to accomplish such a transformation was rather small. … Since the states could control the masses and the powerful strata could control the states, it was clear that a serious effort of social transformation would require counter-organization — both politically and culturally.”
Will protect you.
How did you do?
In December 2006, Mr. Rodriguez filed a claim with the Department of Veterans Affairs, arguing that he deserved a monthly disability check and priority mental health care from the agency because of post-traumatic stress disorder. More than five years later, he is still waiting for a final determination on his case.
And it totally is, which is why I was saying it might have been the record that effectively ended tech death for me. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, is so outrageously technical and over-the-top that I am seriously wondering a) how much alien DNA do these guys have? and b) how the fuck do they even remember how to play all this?
*Judy Moody Girl Detective
Most people wipe down the equipment after they're finished. I do that. But I also wipe it down before I start, just in case the person before me forgot. Then I set the seat height to 12, throw my leg up and over, then bounce a few times to get used to the seat. A click on 'quick start', a push of the up arrow to level three, and I start pumping. Ear plugs are inserted, a playlist selected. Then it's time to go.
Installing VERITAS File System Documentation as
Southampton grew to manhood and, unlike the poet, was able to fulfill his dreams of military glory. He married, though not the poet's daughter, and himself had a son, in whom perhaps he saw reflected his own youthful beauty, as the poet had predicted. Called back to military action in France in his early fifties after a long period of peace, he died of a fever near the battlefield, five days after the death of his nineteen-year-old son. One can't help but wonder if, tormented by the loss of his son and the approach of the deadly fever, he recalled lines written for him by one long dead who'd loved him long ago. Did he remember as he lay dying:
Who would exchange this golden glow
little oil
The first said, “I had a big house built for Mama.”
At Tech Level 7, it is possible to create materials that can hold or react to the lifeforce and artron energy (even if artron energy is not fully understood), thus enabling the creation of products such as psychic paper and the telepathic pendants of the Arcateen.
Shortly after Nora’s diagnosis, my Mom was going through old letters and correspondences that belonged to her mother, my Grandmother. Among them was a letter about my grandmother’s first cousin Fr. Joseph Cappel. He was a Maryknoll priest that served as a missionary in Curepto, Chile from 1943 until his death in 2004 at age 95. By all accounts, he was a humble and incredible man, ministering to the poor and needy in his community by bicycle almost up until the day he died. There were 3 funeral masses said on his behalf just to accommodate his mourners. Recently, for reasons I’m not quite sure, his body was exhumed to be buried in a different location. It was then that it was noted that his body was still perfectly preserved! Many in his community are regarding this as a miracle and are seeking to have him canonized into sainthood — to have him officially recognized by the Vatican as a saint. Part of the canonization process involves documented miracles, as defined by the first definition above. Without any further thought on the matter, we immediately began praying for Fr. Joseph Cappel to intercede on our behalf and on behalf of this little baby! A specific prayer was written out in the letter to put forward when praying for a miracle:
The suspect is expected to be charged with armed robbery and assault with a deadly weapon on a police officer.
1. My children playing together without fighting.
“Don’t say you don’t have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson and Albert Einstein.” (H. Jackson Brown)
Sometimes when talking about the Jewish Bible, you have perhaps stumbled on the expressions “Written Torah” and “Oral Torah”. While the written Torah is our Bible, the Oral Torah was an old tradition going back to the time of Moses. The Word was spread from mouth to mouth, because there were no chance to write it down. Later on, from around 200 C.E. the Oral Torah was written down and compiled into something we call Mishnah. And now begins an interesting time in history, where rabbis and scribes wrote down commentaries and discussions that they held between eachother in different kinds of subjects. Mishnah soon expanded in size, so the next few centuries, additional commentaries were written down in Jerusalem and in Babylon. The two “Gemara” of Jerusalem and Babylon was born! Mishnah together with Gemara is called “Talmud”. You’ve probably heard that name before in different contexts, not least in discussions about conspiracy theories and mysticism, but there is nothing mysterious about this!
~Derema~
Max level quests for Cygnus Knights are also new, including again quest chains where you have to deal with Arkarium. The Skill ”Noble Spirit” can be raised by killing him.
As to Louis's calling me "anti-development," let me say that taking a critical stance on the Atlantic Yards project doesn't mean I'm against development; rather, it means that I'm pro-transparency and pro-democracy. Long before I got involved in studying this project (July 2005), I wrote a letter that the Brooklyn Papers published in its 6/19/04 issue (p. 4), which noted: Many of us may welcome a project such as Atlantic Yards, but not on the terms Forest City Ratner has at this point presented.
I mean come on—it came with a bone-shaped cookie cutter! And I checked out the ingredients—no preservatives or other bad things. And made in the U.S.A., which is a big plus for me.
“Each new sunrise provides the catamaran with the light needed to continue its journey,” the PlanetSolar team wrote on its website.
Imogen: You're being Cinderella.
Living on the North Easter edge of the Chihuahuan Desert rain is a rare occurance and today is one of those rare occurances, but rain is a good thing, the day is cool and lovely. You know life is good when you can appreciate a little bad weather or maybe it is really true that I was born when the earth was cooling. According to the newspapers and tv all fireworks displays, the parade and all 4th of July festivities have been cancelled, well so much for that, part of the child hiding in this Old Model '37 Body, I cant even get the muse musing on how to come up with an alternative, maybe next weekend. The Queen and the Queen Mother took the Grand Duchess to Church Camp in Big Sandy, Texas alllllllllllllllllll the way across Texas to just 80 miles west of the Louisanna State Line. We went first to Queens's Castle in Eastland, and stayed the night. Then on down the trail again for another 4 hours to Big Sandy. The Grand Duchess had to check in by 3:00 p.m. and boy was she excited. We got her there and checked in and looked over the camp and "store" and left money in her account. The dormitories were big buildings with open screened windows around all four sides, no air conditioners in sight. I would tell you it was hot, but the flies and other flying insects could only soar about 4 inches off the ground, the air was so thick. Big Sandy is in the Piney Woods of Texas. The town is about a blink in size, blink and when you have open your eyes you missed your turn for I-20. The Queen and Queen Mother left her for a week of uninterrupted pleasure for the camper and the the Queen and I. For the first day of freedom, the Queen, and I wandered around the castle (Eastland) in pj's and read, and napped, the next day we waited on the plummer and then went to Weatherford, a 2 blinker town and looked around at little stores on the square. I indulged my whimsey and went to the bead store (of course) and on down the street to where the Queen has made friends with the people that own the store. Then on to the Tesky's Western store in the 2 blinker town, and boy did we find a sale, they had two racks with 95% off of the merchandise can you believe it. The Queen spent $200 and saved $1200. An example I bought a dress for $7.80 the original price was $159.95. Now why I did now buy the other one I dont know, it was to small, but my thinking cap was askew and I didnt thing about the material in the dress being used another way for all sorts of ideas. Of course I have kicked myself several times, and now try not to think about the stupid thing I did of not picking up stuff for the materials to be used. Before the ten days were up, I felt like we were gypsies running up and down the highway from 2 blinkers to cities like Ft. Worth. As the time grew less and less, I began to pack my treasures and trash and stash of goodies and found that I had a car full. We treked back to camp to pick up the two girls and came back to the castle, to clean it up and close up for a couple of weeks. Then back to our own 2 1/2 blinker, well maybe 3 blinker because we do have Michaels, Hobby Lobby , Lowes and Home Depot here. The trip was really a fun time by all I hope. We had some mishaps, but nothing we couldnt fix I hope.
Because even watchdogs have to rest sometimes, the Writer Beware blog will be taking a break over the holiday season. Unless there's a really juicy publishing story, we'll be on hiatus until the new year. (We'll still be answering email, so if you want to reach us, drop us a
Back later….
Are we there yet?
Thanks mom and dad for watching the kids! Thanks Kristie for taking them and giving my parents a break every now and then. And thank you Mike for an awesome and unforgettable trip. Now I tried to narrow down the pictures as much as possible, but picking the best out of 1500 pictures and video is rather difficult (about 700 of those were taken in the helicopter ride by Mike). I'm sure you won't enjoy them nearly as much as I do.
Then in a voice so calming, deep and wise,
Add garlic and green garlic and saute for another minute.
MORE ON AUTISTIC INTELLIGENCE. We posted a while ago about the use of the Raven test (rather than WISC) to evaluate intelligence in autistic people. A writer for Scientific American has done an article called "The Hidden Potential of Autistic Kids," mentioning the Raven test but going beyond that in terms of recognizing the strengths of autistics. In the process she relates her experience with her own two autistic brothers, one of whom used to correct her fifth-grade homework for her -- when he was in kindergarten. Find the article.
This brings me to possibly the biggest douche of the Ghost Hunting world. And that man is Zak Bagans: Ghost Puncher.
And it's a breath of fresh air because they occupy each other all weekend long.
Then we went downtown and checked in to say hello to their cousin, Kaetlyn at the bookstore and then it was to the Science Centre. This is the second time taking both of them there and the third time for Sloan and they love it. The theme right now is 'in space' and there are lots of space toys and costumes and even a space station tent thingy. We were there for more than 2 hours.
But also, because it's Savannah...y'all...
There are many cemeteries in New Orleans. For my first cemetery, I chose Lafayette No. 1 in the Garden District. As I walk in the general direction of where the conductor waved, I notice remnants of Mardi Gras in the trees.
Elvis stops his Vegas dancing and walks up towards me.
(cracks me up that The Hubs head is in this shot.
What people in the colonies want is not to get jobs servicing the global elite. What they want is to be left alone, and what they want from those of us who profess to be revolutionaries is for us to force the empires to withdraw from their territory. We need not perpetuate the old White Man’s Burden of using our privilege to lift up our less fortunate brothers and sisters into something approximating our own lives. Here is the new morally and ecologically responsible and real burden of being a white man: to undo the damage done by the dominant culture and to destroy the ability of the rich to steal from the poor in the first place.
Time is not on my side… :s
● stack of books
Dancer, actress, activist, model and author, Lindsay Wagner was born in 1949 in Los Angeles. She appeared on many television shows and a few motion pictures throughout the 70s, 80s and 90s, and became a regular fixture in made-for-television cable dramas. In the late 80s-early 90s, she reprised her role as Jaime Sommers in three "Bionic" TV reunion films. She still acts, and has a recurring role on SyFy's Warehouse 13.
"We are going to extent our network (…). We will start with Russia, then move on to Asia, absorbing the entire Arab world in the end. The Muslims of the world must unite. They must create a single system. Russia must offer us this possibility," he continued.
Counting Backwards is a new series of text-sound-performance events. It takes place on the first Thursday of alternate months at Fuel Cafe Bar in Withington. The third evening in the series takes place on Thursday 7 October 2010 with performances from Mick Beck, Stephen Emmerson andSonic Pleasure. The event also sees a special performance for the launch of Richard Barrett’sSidings, a new collection of poetry.
Huston Street - 3.4 WAR = 2 points
As voters ready themselves to vote in November, it would be wise to revisit the way Obama hid his true past from them in 2008 and since. His college records were sealed, his Indonesian adoption records were sealed, his passport file was sealed and, of course, his official birth records were sealed. He has since provided a birth certificate that an investigation by Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio recently asserted was a complete forgery. His first executive order in office was to put these and other documents off limits to public examination.
ROM 1:25 Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.
for her to get out of the water.
Jeffries referenced the circus-like atmosphere that sometimes accompany these hearings, noting that the public officials who testify go back to neighborhoods like Bensonhurst and Bay Ridge. (That sounded like a dig at state Senator Marty Golden, a Bay Ridge Republican and loyal AY supporter, who disrupted the May 29 state Senate oversight hearing with his entrance.)
Everyone’s individual “Avengers” story gets super moments. Robert Downey Jr brings a new sense of gravitas to his usually camp play with Iron Man. He’s still fun, but saving the earth is a serious business, after all.
and so it goes on through wood, candy, wool, bronze, pottery, tin... finishing with diamond at 60.
WATCH CHURCH AVENUE BLOOM!
When I was then a teen, living far away from my country, away from my father and my friends…My mother changed and not for the best, she turned into an alcoholic and I had to suffer all the consequences that come paired to alcoholism.
Not to say certain aspects of the plot are not silly. Pretty much every character bends over backwards to imply whales may be more intelligent than humans, a mantra of the time to make people more sympathetic to them. While I am glad humpback whales are not longer exist, they have been hunted by less than stellar examples of human intelligentsia traveling in rowboats for centuries without learning to avoid such people. Geniuses these critters ain’t.
You read that right. Me Party... not Crowley Party. I guess I have been calling and having too many pity parties on the phone with my parents. See Trevor has been studying non-stop since oh...October! I have mentioned before how I now understand why they call Law Spouses, Widows.
I added a few of the flowers I had left over on the inside, you can not see those flowers from the front.
But I wasn’t prepared to see a calf in the road. And a nice red calf was EXACTLY what I saw. The red calf was in the northbound lane, and I was southbound, going about 10. As I got alongside it, the youngster, weighing about 400 pounds, bolted off into the cornfield on the east side of the road.
So, are you guys pumped about this orange colour or do you find it too in your face? Also, I know many people who are totally against painting wood, especially a vintage chair - please don't hate me! I promise to share my process with you, and maybe once it's all finished and in our home I will change your mind forever!
This type of selection process works for the more traditional members, since there is voter erosion as you go along. The more outspoken members get shuffled to one side and the more traditional ones take control. On the Dem side eight years ago, I went in as a Dean supporter, and ended up being a Edwards delegate (just to spite those Kerry supporters - the full tawdry story is here). Inertia helps as you move through the process, and for that reason the Precinct Committee Officers are important. Which is one reason that the Paul campaign is pre-complaining about potential funny business, as it doesn't matter who votes so much as who counts the votes.
God does not allow for disobedience. Saul was king of Israel and in 1 Samuel 15:3 he was told by God to “Go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass.” Did he obey the Lord? That answer is in verse 9. “But Saul and the people spared Agag, and the best of the sheep, and of the oxen, and of the fatlings, and of the lambs, and all that was good, and would not utterly destroy them; but everything that was vile and refuse, that they utterly destroyed.”
So: about 7 1/2 hours of actual work, maybe more like 7 if you don't count the parts of office hours when I'm not actually talking to students or dealing with work-related e-mail. And the last 2 1/2 hours were technically optional. Which might, theoretically, seem to support the Hypothesis of Professorial Laziness. But honestly? I doubt most people with nine-to-five office jobs really do more than seven hours of work a day, once you knock out breaks and faffing around on the Internet, and they usually don't have to grade over the weekends.
So here we go!
Treverlyn: “My main goal for this project is to learn more about the community, I would like to know what life was like back then, how people could live without cell phones or without internet.”
style is unique and unprecedented, and, as is the way with
No surprises to find none of the more traditional colours (ie. pink, red, or even purple). But actually come to think of it, these are probably the “traditional” shades for me .. lol..
For eyes, I listen to my own instincts, rather than go looking for color advice at the makeup counters. Reigning wisdom is to choose colors that complement your eye color, rather than choose the same color. Well, I prefer my eye color and take it from there. My eyes are a combination of gold, green, sea green, and blue. I call it "hazel" but it's more than that, and even MP thought my eyes were blue until we were dating for a while. Since the color impression of my eyes shifts with what I wear, I find green eyeshadow a great way to highlight that part.
Obama’s popularity was based on many things, including two terms in the Illinois State Senate where he pushed through an ethics reform bill, which most people though impossible, and on his best-selling book, Dreams from My Father, a book contracted for by the publishers after Obama had been elected president of the prestigious journal, Harvard Law Review. Published first in 1995, it was re-published in 2004. You’ve had 14 years to get to your local library and read the book.
I'm still just in utter and absolute shock and filled with joy that it's over. Anticipating this surgery was torture. Serious torture. I would lie awake and think about everything. I would remember her past surgeries and how tough they were then imagine this time around being so much harder. I'd worry about complications, I'd think of the worst case scenario. Then I'd tell myself to stop, breathe, and say a prayer to stop my crazy mind. It was hard in the hospital and there's been hard moments since, and people ask how I'm doing it, and I just want to make them understand that it dosn't really matter how hard it is, the happiness to have it over and done with a great outcome makes any hard day or moment okay. I don't think even in my wildest hopes and dreams I would've thought we'd be here 4 1/2 years ago. She was just considered too weak to survive. Everyone goes through hard things. Everyone. I was just talking to a dear friend today that is going through something hard. Completely different, but hard nonetheless.
Gastrointestinal disorders
No? It's just me? Well, this is one of those posts. Be forewarned.
So what does that leave me with? Summer? In Virginia? With frizzy hair, mosquitoes, humidity, and kids playing in the street late into the night, but not my kid? Of family vacations with one extra space in the room, on the couch, and at the table?
Thirty five minutes later the pizza arrived with a side of super spicy buffalo strips that I know no one else in the house will eat (okay, Sadie and Mae both love spicy, so they actually probably would... but they aren't the ones who go through the fridge at 5 a.m. while studying for finals so they're easier to keep tabs on).
Lots and lots and lots of juice.
Average Price: $7.99 six pack
If you want to link to your own "Five Things for Friday" post you can use the tool below to add your link. 1) Please link to the URL of your blog post and not your main blog and 2) Please include a link
‘Heard It All Before’ is notable in my book at least, for the kind of dark mood and outstanding soulful and bluesy female backing / harmonising vocals – especially in the latter half when the song’s intensity develops and Kate Peters is given more room to showcase her power.
After the many months since the finale I was extremely interested to see and hear viewers thoughts and ideas about what they experienced over the six seasons of LOST. I was also curious to see if their ideas and theories changed over time since the finale. I utilized Facebook as a small forum to present questions to fans regarding general topics of the LOST story. I loved the excitement with all the LOST talk, but honestly was troubled by the amount of anger I witnessed when someone didn't share similar views. Nonetheless everyone threw something into the LOST stew.
Cover the entire piece with black paint, and go gingerly around the edges, to avoid pulling up the tape.
~ melon-colored nail polish ~
5:43 - Hillel Levine
as you didn't fit my pregnancy-swollen feet last spring and summer.
My inspiration this week is kind of the Indie preppy look, I would say. More casual and straight-lined. I'm looking for outfits that are both creative and work appropriate, and maybe less frilly simultaneously.
Wow, I have no kids tonight and none in the morning. I never know what to do with myself when my son stays out for the night. This is only about the 3rd time in his 2 yrs that I have let him stay away from me. Everyone says it is good for him and good for me and that I should enjoy it and go out. Well I realized tonight that I am not sure what I should do with myself anymore. My husband is away so it's me and the dog and she isn't that much fun to hang out with. It is an odd feeling that I can just get up and leave the house if I want because the boy is not upstairs in bed.
So the items that they put inside of the case varies from day to day and changes from morning to night. At the start of the day are usually biscotti and fancy muffins, through lunch time and dinner it's things like tarts and cookies and other sweeter stuff, and then late at night (some where around ten or eleven?) they bring out antipasto items.
Serve with some fresh fruit and nice glass of iced tea.
The article quotes other literature big wigs, people like Mags Walsh from CBI, Joseph Woods from Poetry Ireland and Sarah Bannon from the Arts Council. It also examines the positive work that is being done by the Literature Alliance.
Gospel applications and speculations
What was their vision?
states are allowing the local districts and event he schools themselves select the textbooks, coordinate the teaching within the schools' departments, and have all asked for parental input in that selection. But still, these folks who are convinced it is a scheme from President Obama to brainwash our kids amaze me. Do they really think he is that smart?! Or that he cares that much?!
Szobody claims these young people have "a different view of how Christians interact with culture.":King lays out the timeline this way: The social gospel movement of the 1920s and 1930s aimed at transforming institutions, which was followed by an emphasis on saving individual souls, and then the Religious Right generation sought to use politics as a tool. Preserving prayer in schools, the Ten Commandments in courthouses and “under God” in the pledge while fighting abortion and gay marriage were their causes.
400g of thinly sliced turkey (about 1 1/4 pound)
Plums
recommendations to the appropriate levels of government as needed.
"It's hard to take a site seriously when it's covered in banner ads telling you that you're the millionth visitor and urging you to click here to receive your prize.
He never asked to be born athletic or handsome or charismatic or left-handed. He never got a vote to be placed into a missionary family or to be granted some skills that prove fruitful within America’s chosen obsession. But he DOES set himself on being a man of substance, one in whom kindness appears genuine, humility seems sincere, and purity is said to be authentic.
All the things you needed are already in it. The big butterfly and the doily are dies from Marianne Design.
As the morphine flowed into his bloodstream, the overwhelming supremacy of the pain radiating from the hard, grasping knot in his gut receded. It wasn’t that it had disappeared; at this stage of the cancer’s progress, where nearly all his body’s natural defences had been overwhelmed, that was too much to hope for. The general staff of doctors, their radiological battles lost and chemotherapeutic campaigns routed, had abandoned the fight, leaving the opiates to fight the last hopeless battles before his body finally raised the white flag of systemic surrender. But the pain retreated, becoming just one component of the reality which could be left behind in the distance as the morphine carried him away into dreams and memories …
A very common thread, however, is that professors are becoming disillusioned by the lack of maturity of undergraduate students. This semester seems to be the worst, by my observation, for professors spelling out the rules that should be common sense. Cell phones must be completely off and cannot be out during class. Assignments must be turned in on time. Excuses that will be accepted for missed exams and assignments are very narrow. Extra credit is no longer being offered because of past abuses by previous classes.
twirled
Me: "What? No way, we are calling them woo-woos forever."
"Hey, D-Money, what's up? Got a question for you."
For the price of the kedondong and that of the other products available this week, go to the Weekly Product and Price List, in pdf, below.
Come See Annie Selke at
Obviously, the other major category this month was veterinary bills. To prepare for summer fleas, we restocked on Comfortis, purchased directly from my vet. I have found that my vet’s price on this is more competitive than the online pharmacies because they give one free dose with every six-pack purchased, and they frequently offer mail-in rebates ($10 off this time) that are only available for prescriptions purchased directly from veterinarians. Through my vet, it ends up being about $11.22 a dose for each 20 ~ 40 pound dog (compared to $15 / dose at Pet Meds or Drs. Foster and Smith).
A gentle reminder also that all my images are copyright, and may only be used with permission, thank you.
Samsung’s Galaxy S III is plastic, but powerful (photos)
AFTER NEWS BROKE LAST WEEK that the much-maligned Brooklyn House of Detention on Atlantic Avenue in Boerum Hill would once again be loading up with prisoners, the McBrooklyn blog dug into the jail's history and came out with a list of escapes from the facility and other sordid details. Highlights include "horse-trainer, inn-owner, embezzler and sensational murderer Buddy Jacobson" who escaped with the help of "Tony Two Suits," and a riot in 1970 in which the prisoners took 26 hostages. McBrooklyn
It's also true that none of the big-ish things I accomplished this year--self-publishing my novel, getting fit (and losing fifteen pounds), confessing long-held, unsaid feelings--had anything to do with New Year's resolutions. I did these things because I was genuinely, deeply compelled to do them, and that just doesn't come from the turning of a calendar page.
Nightmares: they are scary and disturbing, often about neglect or lack of preparation, I miss my alarm, show up without shoes. My wife might dream that she forgets to feed the peanut or leaves him somewhere… I actually have often had similar baby-neglect dreams over the years, but have pleasantly discovered that most of the time, they get fed and have never been seriously misplaced.
2.Preheat grill to high. Brush shrimp with oil on both sides, and lightly season with salt and pepper. Grill until pink and firm to the touch, 2 to 3 minutes per side.
Jackson, 67, said he was already out on parole when the test results came back, clearing him and Williams. He did not blame the victim.
I remember this transition clearly from my own adolescence. After a carefree childhood, I suddenly felt locked inside myself, alone with thoughts and feelings which no one else would ever be able to experience. Along with that, I felt an acute self-consciousness. I was aware of every movement I made and every word I spoke, so that I couldn’t do anything naturally anymore. I felt exposed when I walked down the street, aware that people could have been looking at me from their windows.
Some of this stuff has *got* to be delegated. The most obvious solution is to delegate the chart audits, probably to the night staff (which will, I'm sure, make me their most favorite person ever). The other stuff, I'm not so sure about. We've got to get more people trained in the more obscure test protocols; the obvious solution is to train the charge nurses for the other CCUs. I'm not sure how well that'd go over, though, as they're just as overwhelmed as I am.
Amongst accepting this inevitable compromise that may come with an independent state solution, problems concerning quarrelling between Palestine’s different political factions would undoubtedly entail. With Hamas ruling Gaza and Fatah the West Bank, it might be difficult for Palestine to unite.
What kind of witness are you? Others are observing your life and seeing how true you are to the One you claim as Lord and Saviour. Will you finish your course with joy?
1 cup confectioners sugar
I warn you, if you make these eggs you're bound to love them and they will become a "go to" recipe when you want something simple to cook and beautiful in both taste and look!
I really don't know where to start. I cannot believe how much happened in this novel. I would be reading at later points in the book, and realise what Katniss was talking about happened earlier in Mockingjay, not in another book. Seriously, so much goes on, and it spans quite a period of time, I'm amazed it all fit in one book. And as you would hope for the finale in such a spectacular series, there is action and suspense like you wouldn't believe! And there is no way I can really talk about any of it without spoiling the story, because it starts right from the beginning.
But what truly kept nagging me as the film wore on was the question of why I was supposed to be thrilled by the police stomping out these nondescript people in this building. I wouldn't call it fascistic, per se, certainly not in the way that, say, The Elite Squad is (this is perhaps the one area where the film's lack of story works; if it had even a whisper of one it would likely be in support of this police brutality). There is something, though, unsettling about how gleefully the film moves into a brawl, especially given that the first building resident the audience meets is a decent, meek man just trying to get medicine to his wife. How many others like him are caught in the crossfire of this raid?
Exploring hands encounter no defence; 240
The written word can be read in a variety of interpretations according to one’s belief and principles. Unfortunately, when malice was intended when one writes to hoodwink readers who are not that bright, confusion reigns.
But, we’d rather find the remote and turn on the TV. Why? Because it’s painless and it probably involves less change. Instead of making changes, we can just stare and watch, and find entertainment in the idea of change, without actually having the discomforts of making change. Sometimes the remote feels safer. The book is less invasive. A stranger is easier to agree with my rationale. But does it really help when things get sticky?
3/4 cup non-dairy milk mixed with 3/4 Tbsp. apple cider vinegar or lemon juice
YES sister, I do qualify.
After his time with London Greenpeace, Lambert moved to backroom stuff, overseeing officers deployed in other groups. He put Jim Boyling into those well-known terrorists Reclaim The Streets.
I want to start a universal way to signify sarcasm when something is typed.
And especially for Brenda of Butlers Abroad, here's a shot of the other worktop showing the Cuttlebug is out and I've been doing a bit of embossing too. The scissors are the ones I keep for cutting anything with glue on it and they are there waiting to be cleaned.
Ticked off.
Good beer is something that needs to be savoured. There is something about the pace of modern life generally (or maybe it's my life in particular) that is somehow not conducive to really stopping and enjoying a beer. Either there are pressures of life intruding into a special beer moment, or, and perhaps this is a crueller irony, there is so much great beer available that you feel hurried to drink what you have in front of you so you can move on to the next rarity.
I adore polkadots - so I need to keep my dotted ribbons handy! A fancy dowel is the perfect home to rolls of ribbon. The paper flowers I made are a nice nest, and I had these fabulous old Bingo cards which needed a place to stay...
“And the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brasen sea that was in the house of the LORD, did the Chaldees break in pieces, and carried the brass of them to Babylon.” - – (II. Kings 25:13)
It was considered the publisher’s responsibility to get the digital rights to each font they’d like to embed in an eBook. If the fonts come from different designers, each designer must be contracted and a deal worked out, and payment made.
March we found a new place. And moved. And had a very special party for my very special one-year-old. He's a boy now I tell ya. Not so much a baby. But a little boy. He kills me.
The sense of ancient walls and crumbling plaster.
Tara felt a thousand different sensations as she watched the night sky’s reflection in the ocean.
- Convenient and easy to use
According to the arrest report, Van Wagner told police he was acting on a “fetish” and that he had been doing it for years in various locations. Police noted they had a similar incident reported at Sportsman’s Park Wednesday.
nantional insurance contribution/tax on jobs
Since they also tend to be alcohol abusers, this is experienced as unpleasant by the rest of the community -- who avoid places where the Aborigines are camped
Operating with almost impunity, these pirates, joined by local criminal elements and fishermen who see the possibilities of making a quick million dollars, have been encouraged to continue with their criminal activities by the shipping companies who are only too keen to pay the large ransoms the pirates demand in order to secure the release of their vessels, crews and cargo. Whereas it is hoped that the shipping companies will do everything in their power to effect the release of their crews who man their ships - and the cargo they have been entrusted with - what about the ships? Do some shipping companies really want their ships back?
“No, no… You’re going?”
Marketer Converge Conference,
It was about 3pm when an excited Shankar arrived at the station. The station ‘office’ was little bigger than a wardrobe. The ‘platform’ was just a barb wired area. Behind the office room was his ‘quarter’, a little bit bigger. After dropping him off, the train left for Kisumu.
One more favor to ask: please click on the Cards for Debby picture above or this link to read about our design team member Debby who could use your thoughts and prayers and a card to cheer her after a serious accident. Thanks so much!
A handful of platitudes that ranged from the dismissive
listening to Tori Amos, and only Tori,
Yesterday, Mike and I returned from our FIRST EVER vacation together. (I suppose it is our second if you count our honeymoon, over two years ago.) We drove five hours to Gatlinburg, TN and stayed in a private chalet, complete with a hot tub on the back deck, called “A Lover’s Paradise.” Gatlinburg itself is an absolute tourist trap, but it is the gateway city into the Smoky Mountains National Park, which I enjoyed far more than I thought I would.
The American Legislative Exchange Council, a “stealth business lobbyist” that helps corporations write state and federal legislation supporting their interests, has taken major heat for its backing of controversial laws.
Breaking the mold
You can continue your shit, eating dog testicles and penis, even tiger penis for you rich wannashow, you can continue all this thinking you’re the upcomming force. You’re nothing.
Like so many in the Bay Area, Rachel and her family rent their house. This configuration allows everything to be easily be dismantled and used in a different way if they move. The shelf units can be stacked and put into closets and the baskets can be used anywhere in a new house.
Landen Meadows is a community of single family homes built primarily in the 1990s. Charlotte NC’s Landen Meadows neighborhood is located in the Ballantyne area of South Charlotte NC between Ardrey Kell Rd and Rea Rd, minutes from the Blakeney shopping center. The Landen Meadows neighborhood features a community pool, playground and tennis courts.
If you have elementary school-aged children, you have been presented with the following scenario:
But, they tended to write regular, with a lot to say.
All of these struggles that I have mentioned only become more complicated for a guy when you introduce a girl into the picture.
21) MISSING – The Invictas
What do you think? Vote below:
A bike ride, an empty street, a lovely view ahead. This is what you wanted in life. You are a character in your own own movie and you control every move.
I have a few more boxes to share today. I made four more boxes on Tuesday. I have more free time now since I don't have to go to work for a while. Yay! to that. Now you would think it was a lot of boxes for one day. When you duplicate the same item, it didn't take as much time at all. Plus I had all the embellishment already so each box didn't take much time at all. I forgot to take a picture of the purple box before I sold it. So here are 3 of them.
Should you still be an urban rat, like most of us, one can only assume you must be deeply fooked, if not skimp and clueless. Assuming you have a paying job, you can't hope in hell to receive any financial rewards, never mind hold a bank account and use a debit or credit card. Perhaps you've developed the finer art of bartering. Perhaps you're happy to receive indigenous corn, meat and veggies as your reward, provided a few of your black supremacist brothers raised the herds and cultivated the crops free of any agrochemicals and veterinary services.
Fated and powdery;
He also spends a bit of time attacking the tired notion that when rich people get richer they create jobs:
So I'm afraid I need to make myself sparse here again for the next month or two. Thank you for your patience!
There are, I realized, two women in my school who ruptured their ACLs and who continue to train wearing braces. They're both excellent athletes; they'v had mixed success training in their condition.
The "Champs" stamp serves as the pull tab for the journaling card.
Hey - it's my turn to showcase another one of Janice's great images... just in time for Easter, here comes this great Easter Bundle... Just soooo adorable!
The famous songwriter Tony Lane, whom I’ve had the pleasure to meet last year, said it best when he said, “Don’t tell, show”.
We've had a very busy week. Lots of meetings about the boys. They have all been very positive. Unfortunately, some of the information we have received has not. It appears that Samuel's formal assessment won't be done until the fall. This is quite frustrating, but our pediatrician has prepared a letter that should enable us to obtain some assistance for Sam until he starts preschool in the fall. As I write that, I can't even imagine my little bruiser is old enough to go to preschool. It seems just like yesterday that he was born. He always seems so young to me that I forget that he's 3 now. The wait for the assessment is worth it as we will have some answers by this fall, way before his 4th birthday. That is better than we had with Thomas, who was diagnosed two weeks before his 5th birthday.
However, I really enjoy spending time with kids, not just mine.
Then we went to the dolphin show, where Kathrynn decided she wanted to sit up close to the trainers, the area where you get wet. So we sat there, and then didn't really get that wet. In retrospect I see now that she totally expected to get soaked or at least kinda wet, not just get a few drops of water on us.....
Don't ask me if I freaked out,because I sure did.
We start Disciple with serial killer Edmund, move up to third tier villains The Arsonist and Nurse Kathy. Then we get to Ambrose, who’s just about the coolest most confident villain you'll ever meet. He hires two military men and goes on a personal vendetta to end Roger’s life. But Ambrose is nothing compared to our final villain, the man above him, Beau. This guy practically runs the CIA with an iron fist. So you really get the sense that our character is going up against bigger and bigger obstacles.
It would not be very shocking if he will be inserted in your pep talks with your friends. With his amazing pen, he made stories for teens like me, or even kids and adults, to read.
You mean happiness to me
lack of full disclosure, for threats, duress and coercion in the
eta: When I said no help with Em, I didn't mean from S. He is brilliant with her. The trouble is he's a teacher so I can't just ask him to take time off when I'm having a hard time. He's tried to be around as much as possible, but it's difficult. I just meant I don't have that much help outside S.
Each winner will have 48 hours to reply to the email to claim their prize otherwise a new winner will be chosen for that prize.
I LOVE to cook painfully hard recipes
6. Been in love? - I'm in love now and highly recommend it.
Have you ever taken a closet inventory and wanted to scream? Not your spiritual closet, let’s not go that deep just yet. I’m talking about your clothes closet. While helping a client recently, I could see how she felt tied to her past. The longer we worked on getting her closet organized, the more I came to realize that she was deeply attached to her stuff. God revealed to me that the reason for her sadness was due to her recent downsizing. She hadn’t fully accepted that her new home was not as grand and spacious as before. She seemed desperate to go back to what she felt was better times. I saw in her the same common denominator among many who have too much stuff. She couldn’t get excited about her new closet, because she was stuck trying to hold on to the past. So it is with many Christian women who can’t get excited about what God is doing right now and in the future; they are too consumed with the past.
If you want to buy running shoes but you also want to be in fashion, Saucony shoes are for you. They have a lot of pretty cool designs and their running shoes come with a wide selection of colors. Saucony has been on the shoe business for so long and they keep on striving to provide what the runners need. That’s why they can provide the most in-demand designs for running shoes.
The answer to where they are could be found last night at the Will Rogers Auditorium. Often at political events there is a sense of excitement, anticipation, a certain buzz in the audience while waiting for the main event. Excitement, anticipation and buzz are weak and inadequate words to describe the pre-rally crowd last night. Energy is even inadequate. What undulated through the thousands who thronged outside before the doors opened last night was a kinetic power, the power of hope, the power of liberation, the power of anger at a system turned upside down, the power of liberation and, yes, the ultimate and emancipating power of freedom. You had to be there to understand it.
4 ♥ 3:17
i didn't want to break up the white, so i added a white belt to give my top half some shape.
IF YOU TEACH AN IDEA, EXPECT YOUR STUDENTS TO USE IT!
Over Christmas break, Cathy and I were able to sneak away to the Winking Lizard and grab a beer in between last minute shopping, eating, and family time. I was able to finally get a chance to drink the Winter seasonal from Dogfish Head, Chicory Stout.
To honor her, I tried my hand at making authentic Polish pierogies based on the recipe that she shared with me. Although not difficult, it was a labor of love. If you are not familiar with perogies it is a dumpling that can be filled with potatoes, meat or vegetables, that is then sauteed after being boiled. Periogies are a traditional food that are enjoyed in Eastern Europe and Russia.
Is the way replaced /
Just to take Him at His word;
white tulle, Crinoline from Joanns, and my Spellbinders Blossom die. It was misted with SS Glitz Spritz and glittered with Twinklets Diamond Dust. The center is a vintage button topped with a pearl and more glitter. The leaves are from I Am Roses and the pink acrylic sprays are from my stash.
That woman’s circumstance could be told many times — spouses leave, children rebel, health fails, financial troubles escalate, cars and houses need repairs, landlords are ungracious, bosses and co-workers are uncaring, circumstances are disappointing, and friends waver. Does that leave us with no reason to be grateful?
Robert is a financial advisor and registered representative at North Star Resource Group in Minneapolis. He helps motivated families and business owners identify and achieve their financial goals.
12The lines of his men of war put themselves in order, and make high their ways of destruction against me:
Of course we understand that western nations want to retain the nuclear advantage but as a Nationalist I cannot fathom quite how you justify telling a sovereign nation, "Hey, you will not make the educational, technological, financial and security developments that this technology brings becaude you are different to us and that scares us". This is in effect what is happening. What needs to happen is that the whole world needs to realise that nuclear technology is a global game changer and one heck of a planetary responsibility. Nations who have it need to restrict the movement of the technology and nations that develop the technology need to be helped to face up to the responsibility that comes with it. Without interfering I am sure that Iran can be taught much for example about the containment, transportation and ecological management of nuclear material. International mentoring on these and other non military issues would be helpful to everyone.
Princess Charming by Jane Heller (slightly creased)
What else grabbed the eye in Lichfield? Well the local park has a statue of the Captain of the Titanic. Lots of wreaths laid around it to mark the centenary last week, but it’s not quite clear why the statue came to Lichfield (they say his home town didn’t want the statue after the disaster and Lichfield being the nearest cathedral town… really???).
Big. Mistake.
One of the first songs we learn to sing as children is “Jesus Loves Me.”
Life just wasn’t fair. It was all alone. If only it had fallen like the other seeds in the grass, or on the log over there, or at least not been stepped on.
Some of you may be thinking I only comment one or two days a week anyway, because I’m not a comment junkie. You’re right. I don’t always leave comments and when I do comment, I sometimes forget to check the little box to get the email notices of follow-up comments. Okay, sometimes I forget on purpose, but only about a third of the time but I’ll leave you to wonder why. There needs to be a little mystery in life.
Sources: wikipedia, youtube,imdb.com
MCArthur MA, Simor AE, Campbell B, McGeer A. Influenza vaccination in long-term-care facilities: structuring programs for success. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 1999; 20: 499-503.
Food cravings: nope...just healthy lean and green foods with some yummy fruits
Giggle.
- Advised businesses and non-profits on social media and direct mail marketing campaigns that increased revenue and client/patron engagement
The militant atheism behind this month’s upcoming “Reason Rally” on the Mall in D.C. isn’t the only flavor of skepticism these days. In fact, instead of blaming people of faith for the woes of the world, some atheists now are actually speaking out on behalf of religion. But their reasons for doing so are as different as one could imagine.
If it isn't evident by now, I am fascinated by the juxtaposition of elements that at first glance seem at odds with each other. You, for instance, can easily come across as a flighty pretty boy whose interests do not seem to go beyond his chichi friends, the drama of his lovelife, or the importance of eyeshadow.
9:45pm: Read
Diet cola- deadly combination of caffeine and aspartame. The combo actually creates a buzz in your brain cell- right before the brain cell dies. Aspartame causes formaldehyde build up in the brain, can causes headaches and migraines, cognitive problems, and can even lead to cancer.
The official warning attaches a copy of the Federal Scholarship Agreement for the recipients’ “perusal and attention” and in the light of what is referred to as “recent issues developed” requires that recipients “pay particular attention” to the Paragraphs 5.4 and 5.5 of the conditions under which their education fees have been granted.
Cuban Foreign
Even looking at the photos from our trip makes me want to bust out my Scarlett O'Hara accent.
I admit, I never thought much of the talent back when Cata was still in beta. It seemed great for some spot AOE, but nothing amazing.
“Let them not blush in Me, that wait for Thee, O Lord, Lord of virtues” (ver. 6). Again, the voice of the Head, “Let them not blush in Me:” let it not be said to them, Where is He on whom ye were relying? Let it not be said to them, Where is He that was saying to you, Believe yet God, and in Me believe? “Let them not blush in Me, that wait for Thee,” O Lord, Lord of virtues. Let them not be confounded concerning Me, that seek Thee, O God of Israel.” This also may be understood of the Body, but only if thou consider the Body of Him not one man: for in truth one man is not the Body of Him, but a small member, but the Body is made up of members. Therefore the full Body of Him is the whole Church. With reason then saith the Church, “Let them not blush in Me, that wait for Thee, O Lord, Lord of virtues.”…
start recirc. 50 mins into mash.
The idea of finally using that pipe/hose bracket was from Hector, someone who has repeatedly rescued us…again and again and again….over the past many years: painting rooms, clearing up the garden, putting things back together…talk about persistence…Hector is always cheerfully and patiently persistent…thank goodness for Hector.
Moral of the story: Patience is so important in a relationship, if he's worth the wait, be patient. But also, don't hold your feelings inside - don't wait to be eyeball full of Pinot G before you express yourself to your boyfriend in a dive bar parking lot on a Saturday night - and always wear water proof mascara.
So, which is it? Is worship something physical, tangible, and full of substance, or is worship an activity; something we choose to participate in, such as singing songs on Sunday mornings? Worship actually is both; the blending of two definitions — the noun and the verb. The best example of this mixture of two definitions is in the Hebrews’ view of worship.
Not exactly a haiku.
That's all. Just finishing a heat transfer of a Welsh Mild and enjoying a pint. See you at the pub.
Also as a stickler for social etiquette I stand for pregnant ladies, (not men), move to the side to let people off and always move up the carriage; so it was a surprise when I sat down to get a shriek from the lady next to me that the whole carriage could hear. ‘YOU STOOD ON ME!’
“You stuck in poker, Charlie; or business wise?”
29 Phoenix, Toronto, ONT CANADA
THIS while I’m still pissed about my MOMMY for God’s sakes. (Oh, it’s shameful.)
This post is longer than I would like, but I have to share another amazing moment during my short running career. During the Rock n Roll Half Marathon that I ran last month in New Orleans, I stopped during a portion of the run through the French Quarter to stretch my excruciatingly painful IT band. A group of tourists on the sidewalk (I don’t think they were marathon spectators as they were walking in and out of the shops) stopped near where I was stretching and said “Don’t stop! You got this! Keep running!”
-Giveaway ends on 2/28/2010 at 11:59 PM and winner will be chosen by random.org. Winner will have 48 hours to respond to email or new winner will be drawn
Finally, best line of the whole season: ”Oh shit, it’s a piggy bank” The glee with which this was said was so perfect.
I purchased this spellbinders set just to make argyles, I am sure eventually I will creat other works of art with it. BUT until I tire of my argyle fantasies I will pursue my destiny... for now ;)
But here's why floor vents really suck: they aren't screwed in. They can be easily lifted out by any pair of curious, trouble making hands. Which means anything that will fit in the hole in the floor- 4"x12" -usually ends up down in the duct work.
flaps against a window. You see they die.
But enough about the book as an object. You probably just want to know what it's about, right?
THE ALTERNATIVE: SOLIDARITY
Each time I do a cover critique, I challenge myself to find covers that are more soul-scarring, disturbing, or ridiculous than the last set and I often worry I won't be able to top the week prior in those particular areas. This week I really needn't have worried. I believe the crotch o'flame was pretty memorable a couple weeks ago, but the ones I have today I think will haunt most of you for the remainder of your lives. No thank you necessary my friends, I do this out of the goodness of my heart because I find such fulfillment in sharing snort-inducing images with all of you ;-)
Why it should be thus all the day long,
Then barely into Georgia, I spent one night in a motel
· Montgomery County Parks Foundation, Inc., Honor Award Hadley's Park, January 2000
Active time: 15 minutes
The ultimate question, which cannot yet be answered, is whether a devoutly secular society can muster the spiritual resources to fight a religious war. Secular culture is, after all, spiritually enervated, and our tolerant society has allowed a popular culture to emerge which is unprecedented (at least since the late Roman Empire) in its decadence, degradation, and materialism. When Osama bin Laden points his finger at this cesspool, he touches a responsive chord in those of us who are opposed to him and yet recognize that something is indeed wrong.
Vishal
2: Goddamn, reviewers like to make you laugh! The cutting sarcasm, the deriding mockery, the withering hail of cynical lambastation; it’s like Mozart, Tchaikovsky & Vanessa Mae working on T-Rex cover Albums. I mean, think about it. If you sit there, all day long, doing nothing but playing games, and evaluating them, dehumanizing the process and having to remain objective: you’re going to go rapidly insane. Humour, that wonderful endorphin-booster, is there to make the process so much easier!
E-mail me directly with ???'s or ask your question in a comment and I will do my best to get back to you as soon as possible.
Lord, I give thanks to You! I lift my hands in thanksgiving, and I offer to You the fruit of my lips, giving praise to Your Name. I thank You for making me a master over all of life’s situations and circumstances. No matter what I face, I have the confidence that victory is mine, in the Name of Jesus Christ! Amen!
It's no surprise to anyone who reads this that my musical tastes run a little darker than most. When it comes to music I have a definite Goth side. I like music with a deep, rythmic beat, something that gets my hips moving without my conscious knowledge. I also like heavy guitar and I usually prefer male singers over female.
Area of Expertise
Now, do you realize, your blessings?
For 30 years, I didn't watch regular TV programming. I had TV sets, per se, mainly as video monitors, but no cable/satellite per se. Thanks to Shirl, I indulge now: HGTV, Food Network, The Weather Network, Storage Wars, Anthony Bourdain's various concerns. Not as good as You Tube, but it's entertainment. Shirl has noted - with some concern - that I warble along w/the adverts. I think I'll be ok. "Get back, get back to normal, whoooah" McDonalds ads sound like indie pop did 10-15 years ago. To think: all those indie kids who rebelled against their parents musical hegemony have been reduced to Mere Product. And so QUICKLY too. Gosh.
10. Weight Loss
for almost 7 years. She has 9 friends, who are numbered No.1~No.9. They have been living together for a long time. They all look similar to each other; long dark hair, fair skin, and petite figures. Though they look so much alike, No.0 makes clothes for them according to their unique personalities. Every day, she enjoys dressing the girls in the morning and undressing them at night. However, strange things start to happen when she decides to become 24 on her next birthday. One by one, her friends go missing until only No.0 herself is left. When she turns 24, she discovers the hopeless truth that her best friends didn’t exist after all and all of them were her split personalities which became her imaginary friends in her refusal to grow up.
Patrizia Santi makes fabulous miniature shoes...here's a photo I took of her display at Chicago last year. I love her espadrilles, boots, slinky high heels....you can see more on on my site.
Illamasqua Medium Pencil in Elate (as base)
That is what most of us attempt to do through the act of writing. If Christopher Vogler’s work holds true and there are only 10 original plots, then what we know for sure is that we can expect more of the same. With a different spin, twist or voice that we’ve never heard before. That’s the whole point of writing anything.
100. Do you alway wear your shoes over your socks?
8. Red River Valley
how they recline and entwine
I can't wait to have kids, though! It seems all holidays are more exciting with kids around :) Then I'll decorate like crazy. I love what Love Sweet Love did for her kids last year, I mean, how fun is THAT?!
Shahryar Mazgani was born in Iran but moved to Portugal when he was just five. In 2005, Mazgani was considered one of the 20 best new European acts by French magazine Les Inrockuptibles. He has three albums and 2010's Song Of Distance, where this month's track is taken from, was acclaimed by the Portuguese media as one of the best rock records of the year.
5. Dizzy Busy Bluesman (Oberg, Lamb) 4:32
Like, you know what you want to do...you just have trouble getting it done?
The same deluded neo Marxists of course never seem to criticise Islamic countries who use not only Capital Punishment but a range of quite frankly "stone age" punishments.
GPS Woman’s Plan B directed me past my station (no hug from Saleem today!) to the entrance ramp for the highWAYS. There’s always more than one at any entrance ramp in Metro DC. Case in point: this entrance had three. GPS Woman felt I should stay to the right. I felt confident about choosing Ramp Number One on the far left. Take THAT, GPS Woman!
Mocha is a 23 y/o book lover from Canada with a passion for reading young adult novels, pink frosting covered cupcakes, and strong lattes. In her free time, she enjoys blogging about her favorite reads and enjoys communicating with other fellow bloggers.
STEP 3: Teammates will no longer be allowed to help up players suspected of flopping. Players who help up a teammate who is charged with a flop will be fined. In scholastic sports, teammates guilty of helping up a flopping teammate will be docked a letter grade in one class per offense, except at Ohio State, where tattoo privileges will just be revoked for one week. Teammates will be encouraged to kick fellow players who are believed to have flopped. Also, teammates and opponents will be allowed to mock a player called for a flop relentlessly throughout the game without fear of a technical foul.
One of the main talking points (but definitely not the only one) in the Trayvon Martin shooting, and in the eventual arrest of his killer, George Zimmerman, has been race. Did race play a role in Zimmerman's actions that day? Was Zimmerman unfairly judging Martin based on his skin color? If Martin was of another racial/ethnic group, would the same things have happened?
We might say again here as Paul said later in the same letter,
“Got it,” John said. He slowly climbed and stayed at around ninety miles per hour. Charlotte slumped to another sleeping position across the backseat while the officer reclined his seat and attempted to let sleep take him for a little while.
Just to let you guys know, I don’t care about politics. To me its as dividing as religion is. But, I am an observer of human behavior, and a humanitarian, and through these articles, I’m simply yet honestly commenting on what I’m living through and what I see. What I have experienced. So I will be mixing my film commnents with some real life stuff I’ve been seeing, in my own country. So if you dont like talk of revolution, and oppression and all that, your welcome to tune out. But it is my hope that you will read this article, and at the very least, find it informative. Plus, I'll be talking about various films that have a revolutionary vibe to them.
However, although Hans and John agreed with my new assessment (Hans had failed to finish the book), the others felt I was being far too harsh. Doug said that although he could see there were faults with the book, he had been really impressed by its other aspects, and Ann agreed. Trevor and Jenny said they'd really liked it, and all four said that they hadn't at all minded having to read the book slowly and thoughtfully, putting it down to think about the meanings and the connections, and Jenny had been so impressed and touched by one sentence about the nature of grief that she had marked it and read it out. *
My only slight (well perhaps more than slight) beef is with the cover image. Their original promo showed a cover which was to all intents and purposes a straight lift (bar lettering and recoloring) of Barks original classic cover design. This might seem lazy and non creative, but it was actually the way to go, designers are functionaries on jobs like this. They are acting as MC's to the main performance and as such they should cleave to the principle that less is more and not try and grab the spotlight themselves by attempting to be too clever and assembling elements of the artist's creation in ways which they were not intended to work. This is precisely what has happened with the new cover design, which falls into the same trap as the earlier Gladstone series by cobbling together portions of Barks' story panels to try and create a new cover image - this just doesn't work. The beauty of using artwork which was designed to fulfill the function of a cover is that it's already designed to do the job you request of it. And it conforms to that most important design principle;
Sun King Dominator Doppelbock 8.1%
I hated it.
“It could have bought thousands of meals, hundreds of counselling sessions, and years of medical care for the homeless, administered at Centre 454’s current location, where it works perfectly well at present,” said Nuthall.
are you ready? i'll do it fast 'cuz this will NOT painless. trust me... and hold your eyes. and make sure your breakfast is secured in your belly.
Bag band: 2 1/2 X Width of Fabric (WOF) (mine is blue)
We also sometimes have people get unhappy with us who have written to ask us if an agent or publisher they've queried is legitimate. When we reply back with info that reflects the data we've gathered on that agent or publisher, and the info we provide is negative, they climb aboard a reed boat and push off into that big river in Northern Africa, "De Nile." "Does this mean I shouldn't sign their publishing/agenting contract?" is a response we receive all too often, I'm afraid. Even worse, they'll say, "Does this mean I shouldn't have signed that contract and paid them X amount?"
Developing a markup language definition set to address all present and future needs would be impossible. There is no way to know all of what the future holds for web content.
CD: How often do you meet?
11/26 Denver, CO Marquis
2 rue Charles Nodier
I'm comfortably settled in a surprisingly roomy apartment on the upper upper east side which I found on Craigslist. Yep. I found my apartment and my roomies on Craigslist. I got extremely lucky though, I absolutely love my roommates, and my room turned out being WAY roomier than I anticipated. Or maybe it's only roomy because I only have an air mattress in there...
Just before I finish, I’d like to consider two arguments that were put forward by another Elsevier representative, Alicia Wise. The first was that bundling protects some journals that would not otherwise get enough subscriptions to survive. To that I have two responses. One is that at least some of those journals are ones that shouldn’t survive — such as the notorious Chaos, Solitons and Fractals. I think her implication is that Elsevier is protecting the interests of journals in obscure but very worthwhile areas, but is it really those rather than bad journals in perfectly well-represented areas? I would need further evidence.
Wave energy is good for the soul
I don't want to let go of him. I want a chance to talk to him more. To know him...
Just ask ALL those at the "homicide vigil" held here:
On that note, if you bother to click through on the YouTube link for "Elevator Man," you'll notice it was posted by one Sleepwalker1977.
When it first came out, I was still working a job in a field that bored me. I wanted only to be a full-time writer. A famous writer. A rich and famous writer. This song, widely played in those days, ran through my head. I hummed it off and on all day long. I no longer wanted to work at my boring job of course, but I noticed something else: that when I reached a sweet spot in the writing of a story, I didn’t want to play either. I didn’t want to go hang out with friends, shop, or party. I only wanted to bang on my drum. I only wanted to keep writing, like the song says.
We are playing them next week and seeing as they are now, by default, my "local" side I will be there in the away end.
There he was silhouetted in the glow from inside!
I know for me and for a very long time I struggled with this and found myself sometimes feeling envious of other Christians, others who were recieving all these blessings. Everything they did prospered and I was angry, asking God why?, why are some more blessed than others?. Well with much anticipation, I recieved the answer. Although the answer was not what I expected, it gave me great joy and peace. Everyone that seem to be more blessed than you, are living not in the realm of the blessings but in the realm, where there is an abundance of grace, which Is found in My Son Jesus Christ, I have revealed this grace to them and they are bathing in it. It finally hit me, the reason why I am not blessed is not that I am not blessed, no, not at all, it is that I am looking in the wrong place to see and aknowledge my blessing in Christ, I was spending all my time looking at other peoples blessings, that I looked right pass all my blessings in grace. The blessings of God is found the atoning sacrifice, which is Jesus. In Jesus Christ all of the richness of God dwells and has been given to us as gift. Some of us however, have not yet recieved and understood the fullness of His grace, which overflows with total prosperity. Jesus overcame every sickness, pain and evil attack by the devil, so that we could be free from all of them. So why are we suffering with these same problems today?, well, We are not living in this complete and immeasurable gift from God.
Monday-
Annie Turcotte, 21 - materials engineering
What else has been going on…Oh, yeah, I just about freaked out in the middle of my Personal Wellness class on Friday. I guess I didn’t really think about it until now, but I’ll be learning something that I already learned AGAIN now that we’re on the stress module. Let me count the number of times I’ve gone through stress and it’s effects in a class: 1) 9th grade biology, 2) 9th grade health, 3) Sophomore Health, 4) Psychology junior year, AND 5) AP Psych senior year. So yeah…This is going to be interesting. I had an almost irresistible urge to stand up in the middle of class and yell “FUCK!” and then leave. Or, “Fuck this, I’ve already learned this!” Or to throw something at my prof’s head. Needless to say, I refrained from all of the above three actions, instead smashing my head against the desk several times and yelling over text. The next three weeks are going to be interesting to say the least.
over medium heat. Add rice and stir to ensure that all grains of rice are coated in butter. Add wine and stir until it has been absorbed. Add a ½ cup of broth to the rice, stir it, and only add another ½ cup once the rice has absorbed most of the first addition. Repeat this process, stirring frequently, until the rice is tender.
You and I cannot remain silent when women are demeaned and degraded for financial gain and children exposed to harmful sexually explicit content on national free-to-air television. If E-TV does not respond to our demands, you and I and every Christian citizen in South Africa must commit to a nationwide switch-off of E-TV and a targeted boycott of their sponsors.
9, 10 Even as the Father hath loved Me, I also have loved you: abide ye in My love. If ye keep My commandments, ye abide in My love; even as I have kept My Father s commandments and abide in His love.
After the appointment, it was time to have yesterday's labs drawn. KayTar started to get anxious and a little sad, so I made a deal with her that if she could stay calm and breathe normally during the labs, I'd get her ANOTHER sock monkey...even though yesterday's sock monkey was supposed to be a two-fer. She agreed and although she DID scream when she got stuck, she remembered the deal and did a pretty good job of calming herself and staying calm during the draws. It was important because on of the tests was a VBG and it is a more accurate measure of oxygenation and CO2 when the person is breathing appropriately when the test is done. I was SO impressed with the phlebotomist. She got KayTar in ONE stick (even though she couldn't use a tourniquet because of the VBG), which is a very rare thing, and she was so kind and chatty with KayTar during the whole process. We had to wait a while in the lab because a courier had to be called prior to the labs being drawn so she could take the VBG in immediately, and KayTar was feeling anxious and asked A LOT of questions about laboratory equipment to keep her mind off of the impending poke. The phlebotomist just kept answering her questions very kindly and patiently. She even gave KayTar a rainbow arm (and purple gloves), like she requested, and then we went and bought a rainbow monkey from the gift shop!
Rarely does it cut particularly deep; even more than with Aaron Eckhart's cigarette lobbyist in his debut feature Thank You for Smoking (2005), director/co-writer Jason Reitman treats his amoral main character with kid gloves, backing away from devastating inquiry in favor of a rather inappropriate smoothness. Still, I come here not to bury Reitman; he's far from the "hope for the cinema" that Roger Ebert proclaimed him as earlier this year, but he's a sincere middlebrow artisan, and his failures of nerve seem borne out of deeply felt emotional generosity than calculation. He managed to locate the heart beating underneath Diablo Cody's self-consciously quirky dialogue in Juno (2007); and in Up in the Air, he brings a refreshing affection for characters like Anna Kendrick's hard young entrepreneur and Danny McBride's not-overly-bright brother-in-law—characters that might have been played for caricature and easy laughs in less sensitive hands.
and double oil prices
An entire movie theater cheered the violent death of a 15 year-old girl. The idea in and of itself is repulsive. We are not supposed to cheer for the death of children. This fact was one of the main points of the source material. Yet this fact was largely missed by hundreds of rabid fans who were hungry for blood. This fact was missed by hundreds of people who forgot their own populist notions. They forgot that like Katniss, Rue and Thresh, Clove, yes even Clove, is one of us. She is a tribute. She has a 1 in 24 chance of surviving and the fact that tributes from her district receive a lifetime of training doesn’t change the fact that she, like all of the other kids, has been sent there to die.
Please don't think I'm having second thoughts. Just pensive that's all. We are the new pilgrims aboard a metaphorical "Mayflower" - bound for a new life in a new world - Blogland - where all of our dreams will surely come true and we can live in peace like our new national anthem says - "far far away from the mad rushing crowd."
Responding to this need, a Mobility Enhancement Package (MEP) has been developed for the M5, installing two Rolls Royce T45/98 anti-grav engines, along with a replacement pack for the vehicle's molecular softpack to recalibrate for anti-grav mobility. The vehicle's engine and wheels are removed, replaced by grav plates and an anti-grav engine, which clip over existing components. Although at a top speed of 95 kph the enhanced vehicle is not vastly faster than the traditional tracked version, the speed edge is often enough to be tactically meaningful, and the MEP variant can maintain its top speed across all terrain for much longer periods than can the tracked vehicle. Anti-grav drive also provides key tactical advantages, for instance being able to achieve an altitude of 10m AGL for brief periods during engagements.
Coors Light and Miller Lite are the nation's No. 3 and No. 4 brands. The top selling brands are Bud Light, at 42 million barrels, up 0.1%, and Budweiser, at 23.1 million barrels, down 6.1%. Rounding out the top 10 are Natural Light, Corona Extra, Busch Light, Busch, High Life and Heineken.
2. The previous bill was heavily criticised by MSPs, medical practitioners, palliative care charities, religious groups and legal experts for being both unclear and unethical. Furthermore, 87% of all who made written submissions to the scrutinising committee were opposed to it. The committee also overwhelmingly recommended that it be rejected.
It’s past dinner time as I write this piece, time for many Dark spies to scour the astral-etheric belt for information from unsuspecting aspirants. Just about thirty (30) months away is the 2012 planetary ascension, after which no more Dark Masters are around to threaten and bamboozle anyone who’s in the Path.
Don’t worry about how many votes you get from the world.
She lives by her own rules, and breaks even those. Bugsy can only jump a few inches off the ground, while Violet can jump nearly three feet with a running start. She can also squeeze through holes that look half her size--she is a master of escape! When Violet isn't knocking "The Bugs" around, she spends her free time stealing beds and toys, and burrowing under blankets. She could be anywhere waiting to attack you with kisses or to seize the one remaining item Bugsy still has. Bugsy never has a chance. But she gives back by keeping him clean. She performs a great service by licking his head, ears, teeth, and eyes. This can go on for upwards of ten minutes. It's hilarious, endearing, and gross simultaneously. See, she's a bully with a heart of gold.
How can you be so greedy?
“So lots?”
I will probably develop this idea in more detail and specify how to interpret the roll for each type of activity; for example, an event roll for a patrol might be interpreted as monsters or travelers.
The Solution: While every development officer would love if their steering committee members were just out there making successful 6-figure solicitations on their own, it if often not the case. So, how can you engage your committee members in the fundraising process?
I’m Ralph Pedersen. I am a nautical archaeologist in academia.
Guess where my husband was on my birthday, while I was at home sick with two sick kids. He was at the Dallas Cowboys/Houston Texans game. Yep, he left me on my birthday while I was sick. I actually made him go. They were free tickets...you can't pass that up.
So there we have it! Another mystery solved- even if not a major one. This machine gets extra points in our book too because internally it's the same wonderful reliable Smith-Corona machine coupled with a very assertively stated decor on the outside. It's now my favorite of all the chop-front 5 series Smith-Coronas!
Yesterday, as previously mentioned, was no fun for me. I spent more than 5 solid hours, cleaning out their room. I might not have bothered, but Brian needs a clean safe place to sleep.
SO, we ended up bailing on the W and, for lack of other plans or desire to throw away any more money on a cover charge, went to a very "local" bar and grill called The Casting Office that Eric, Corbin and I had gone to for dinner earlier that same day! It had a pretty cool atmosphere, cheap drinks, no cover charge, flat screens galore, and, best of all, NO LINE!! We ended up having a BLAST!! The bar owner passed out NYE party hats, noise makers, and confetti poppers just before midnight... and we played with them obnoxiously as if we were all 12 again! haha! We actually ended up being very pleased with our last minute venue selection...
Seasoning to taste (we used Red Robin seasoning we had gotten from the restaurant while on a trip)
The "Thank You" was cut at 1 1/2 inches and the flourish border was cut at 2 inches. The ribbon is from Webster-I love this beautiful stuff and the bling is from Prima. I used my cuttlebug for the base of the sentiment and for the Old Olive layer on the card.
80 East 110th Street, 1E
Sure I was the only one in the movie theatre who made a Cat Call when they first showed "Indiana Jones", but hey it was dark & nobody would have guessed that it was the plus size girl with 5 kids cat calling!
Wanderer, there is no road--
We all do it. The online wishing, the bored at work dreaming. The online window shopping. If I had random extra money I would buy myself lots of random, beautiful, interesting, fashionable things. Instead of just dreaming about these items and then silently crying that I can't buy them for myself, I'm going to share them here. And then maybe you can buy them for me. ha! kidding! you can buy them for yourself and then I will envy you and stare at your new items, found here, with such longing that it will become awkward and we will no longer be friends... ahem... On to the list.
lash out from history’s hungry hunts.
I apologise to all those (including myself) who will now be singing that song all day!
rough
is VERY far away from Florida.
Habeus Mentem :: Right to Legal Sanity
Stir in beans. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, covered, for 30 minutes or until beans are heated through. Serve with bread.
My favorite food is Mexican food.
This job is for a real mechanic not my can-do-just-about-anything husband.
There are some wonderful prizes this week and you will want to get in on the goodies.
Jesus is heading up to Jerusalem for a feast, and passes a pool near the gate. Many crippled, blind, and paralyzed people often lie by the pool. According to local legend, on rare occasions an angel of the Lord comes down and stirs the water, and the first person into the pool afterwards is healed. One of the paralyzed men by the pool has been crippled for 38 years, and Jesus asks him, “Do you want to get well?” The crippled man replies that he has no one to help into the pool when the water is stirred, and someone else always gets to it first. Jesus tells him to get up, pick up his mat, and walk. The man is healed. All this takes place on the Sabbath, and some Pharisees confront the newly-healed man and accuse him of working on the Sabbath, by carrying his mat. The man tells them that the person who miraculously cured him had instructed him to pick up the mat. The Pharisees look around for Jesus, but he has slipped away into the crowd. Later that day, Jesus finds the man at the temple and tells him, “See, you are well again. Stop sinning or something worse may happen to you.” The man then goes away and tells everyone that Jesus has healed him. (Matthew 9)
amazing in my sunroom. The coffee table isn't too shabby either.
If President Obama were to acknowledge this history and initiate the process of returning Guantánamo to Cuba, he could begin to put the mistakes of the last 10 years behind us, not to mention fulfill a campaign pledge. (Given Congressional intransigence, there might be no better way to close the detention camp than to turn over the rest of the naval base along with it.) It would rectify an age-old grievance and lay the groundwork for new relations with Cuba and other countries in the Western Hemisphere and around the globe. Finally, it would send an unmistakable message that integrity, self-scrutiny and candor are not evidence of weakness, but indispensable attributes of leadership in an ever changing world. Surely there would be no fitter way to observe today’s grim anniversary than to stand up for the principles Guantánamo has undermined for over a century.
Be blessed and keep singing HIS praises.
The concept of habitat as a locale whose characteristics conduce to the flourishing of particular species can be extended into the realm of abstractions. If a particular set of ideas must be established for persons whose livelihood depends on the widespread acceptance of those ideas to flourish, those ideas constitute a non-geographic sort of habitat: an ideological foundation which, when established among a populace, will permit persons whose ambitions they favor to rise in prosperity, prestige, and influence.
The Dude and I LOVED his sense of humor and so did most of the audience!
Last week was not a good one for European economic stability. The Center-Right coalition in the Netherlands fell, and Francoise Hollande, a Merkozy rejectionist, has a strong lead in the French elections. Two of the three pillars of the fiscal rectitude platform, Mark Rutte of the Netherlands and Nicolas Sarkozy, may be out of work in the next few weeks. Their plans are certainly dead.
There you were
I still ate right low fat, high fiber. I just ate too much. I started not writing down what I ate but rather just kept track of it my head. I also cut back on exercise. It got cold out so I quit walking outside and I never started back with my indoor exercise. All this resulted in weight gain. I knew better but I became OK with it.
“They’re our parents, James. They’ve been takin’ care of us all our lives.”
the girls disappeared upstairs for awhile.
Gritty McDuff's Brewing Company Gritty McDuff's Black Fly Stout
Many Muslims tell us that we have a problem with terrorism primarily, or even sometimes exclusively, because of the Iraq war and our in invasion of that country. However, if pressed, they may say that it started with the invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, as Abdul Qadeer Baksh, of the Luton Islamic Centre, does above.
The other two Squares are African Flowers these were very popular last year on Flickr. The purple Square is to be sent off to Inside Crochet 'Favourite Square' article The other one is for our SIBOL Stash! Thanks for all four Squares Fiona they really are all very interesting! Thank you for sending them to me.
I gave myself a birthday present.
Masha and the sequel, The Youngest Lady in Waiting are inexplicably out of print - and copies are now highly sought by collectors. The hardback that my parents bought for me on my tenth birthday (after I'd borrowed Masha from the library week after week) must be worth about £300 by now. But I’d never sell it. My favourite school story is actually my favourite book of all.
1/2 C skim milk
We strongly consider it, as we wing our way north, dodging summer storms all the way home to Nashville. Each time we journey to Cedar Key, we stay a day or two longer than we’d planned: Unpredictable coastal weather usually provides a worthy excuse to wait another day. Besides, the treasures of this place take time to discover, unlike showier destinations with more obvious attractions. After a few days here, you’ll adjust to a new pace. Maybe you’ll decide you don’t have to be back on Monday morning after all.
And another thing, why blame the media for ‘leaking their tactics’ when the police could have opted to say nothing whenever interviewed? Why let the media in on their plans? The thing lacking here is procedure as Santiago mentioned in his statement.
My third post will be about the other four stories that deal with maturity: “A Little Cloud,” “Counterparts,” “Clay,” and “A Painful Case.”
I passed screams, I passed sobs.
children gathering them, laughing and having fun.
Cardigan: Anthropologie
While of roses
Sharing two of the rougher stories about coming up, falling down and rising again are two of New York's sharper up and comers...
The SNP strengthened their grip on Stirling and East Ayrshire, and overtook Labour to become the largest party in North Ayrshire.
Nesselrode Pudding
To that end, Mass is offered ad orientem at St. Mary.
After CPT went off to work, I chatted with my mom for a while, then hopped in the shower. And then Kim and I went to the beauty school. We got pedicures and I got a fill for my nails. We'd thought about getting our grays covered, but decided that it wasn't quite that bad.
BACK HOME
Bernbach was the son of immigrant from Eastern Europe, but the clichéd beginning of a success story ends here. Though Bernbach downplayed his early life in the Bronx, his father was actually a successful designer of women’s clothes, and Bill himself graduated from New York University in 1933. His self-confidence and ambition had carried him through a couple of early promotional jobs, but it was humility brought on by a year’s unemployment that seemed to get him his first job in advertising. When asked why he should be hired over the other applicants, Bernbach replied, “I don’t know why I should have it. I don’t even know if I’m equipped.”
”Oh thank you!” she took the card and tried opening it. He fingers slipped around the edges and the card dropped to the floor. He picked it up and opened it for her. He had stopped at a gas station to buy the card on his way over to the home. It was a generic Christmas card with a typical Christmas tree with packages underneath. Inside was the standard greeting and underneath he had scrawled out ‘Love, Brain-Emily-Samantha-Erica’. He had placed a picture of his family, taken from his wallet, inside the card. The picture was three years old. He handed it back to her and watched her study the picture.
Seeing I live in the country surrounded by cows I thought I'd pick a topic close to my heart. So here are my farmyard finds, click on the pictures for more information on any product, and please support hand made where ever you can this Christmas.
I love Paris in the summer when it sizzles.
The words of this song speak directly to my heart as I consider all that my Savior has done for me - and all that he has done for you. I pray that they speak to you as well.
Amanda up front at the hair show being very excited after she mastered the technique the instructor showed her.
Lucy~
Social Studies: (History, Geography, and Cultural Studies)
Being left at the alter twice now has Gwen Maudsley rethinking what she is doing with her life. She is always the nice girl and now is going to be wicked. She wants to enjoy a certain passion as she will journey to Paris to find her brothers ring. She will not be alone in this adventure as a friendly face joins her who is like her brother but her feelings towards him are anything like a sibling.
Today has been a really nice day.
* Buy from a merchant you trust rather than one you haven't dealt with before. And ideally one local to you who is not going to risk losing your custom.
4. Isabeau-Dakota Application
I just bought a CAC card reader and I use a Mac. I tried for about 30 minutes to get it to work last night and couldn’t solve the problem. I know it is possible to do and will take just an hour or two of getting the right information and patiently plugging away, but instantly I thought of buying a cheap Windows-based Netbook to be my “Army computer.” A $15 investment in a CAC card reader almost turned into a $350 investment in a new computer. The advice I would give to myself is to save my money and put in the work to just figure out how to get the CAC card reader to work with my Mac.
The problem I see with Ms. Evans article is that she tends to put what she identifies as “cool” church in an ugly box. In other words, she paints an ugly picture of cool church and then says in essence, “Look how ugly that picture is!” For you philosophical types…it’s a straw man argument (i.e. a false argument – you can go deeper…Google it). That said, each style of church faces many of the same dangers…cool, uncool, contemporary, traditional, etc. For me, it’s not about cool or not cool. It’s about faithful or unfaithful. I love that we have multiple versions of worship. Each worship service in the church, regardless of worship style,s seeking to be faithful to following Christ.
Hey Bastard – S.T.P.
Here is a picture of the moon and Venus.
In other news, I submitted my proposal to teach a continuing education reading course over the summer and I think I am going to apply to be a mentor teacher next year. Hopefully I'll be chosen! I think it will be a very positive experience if I get it.
Bye for now,
One of KC’s big secrets is that a number of top-notch comics professionals live in the region, or close enough to be enticed to make the trip to the con. This show always manages to gather an impressive group of such folks, including local guys-done-good Phil Hester, Ande Parks, Freddie Williams, Kevin Mellon and Dennis Hopeless just to cover the tip of the iceberg. Again, see the guest list for the full roster, and pray you don’t get tapped to provide refreshments.
I made a fun, framed photo spread of my son for my mother-in-law's gift. Hubby didn't actually know his mom's favorite color -- typical for a guy, eh? -- so I picked some bright blues, greens, and rust colors to give it a modern, but eclectic, feel:
This is calm, I muse softly, a terror so great it becomes nothing at all. Yet I find horror in this, that you could show me this promise of perfection. That we could share in the utter awkwardness of my adoration, that you could whisper of our beauty, only to find something so detestable in my soul that rage leaves you no other satisfaction.
Brewed: 05-07-2009
We hope Forest is able to recover from this accident, and that the hit and run driver is found and held accountable. Hit and run drivers are cowards and criminals, and as Portland attorneys for hit and run injury victims we hope this driver is found soon. Remember, hit and run drivers can be punished in both criminal and civil cases.
5. Crap water coolers, despite the heat.
The losing trio of tracks under the umbrella title of ‘Till Life Do Us Part continue the deep enjoyment. Parallel Worlds starts the trilogy bringing more of the unique and impressive sounds already graining the album whilst the closing Until the End takes one on a thirteen minute blissful journey of pure progressive pleasure, but it is the linking middle hypnotic instrumental Alive or Dead which hits the loftiest heights. It is immense and the declaration of this being a band that can induce rapture by music alone.
Literally 3 weeks before departure is when we made all of our reservations. I know that doesn't seem too spontaneous since most of our trips are decided a day or two before, but many people plan for months, even years for a trip like this. I didn't have the heart to tell Braelyn that we were going to Hawaii (she has been obsessed and talking about going to Hawaii for about 6 months now...not sure where that came from) so I told her the truth. "Kauai, sounds like Hawaii, but it's Kauai." I knew that she was going to have a difficult time, but I underestimated how difficult. She has major separation issues, she always has. Even as a baby she would silently sob for hours when we would leave and it never stopped. Maddox is a much different story however! Thank goodness because I don't think my parents could have handled two emotional basket cases!
Anyway Paris is only an hour away, close enough to go out to dinner or to the theatre, or to go on a shopping spree, but maybe with 8 pairs of jeans in my wardrobe I don't need to go shopping that often (that bit is to please my husband, Arnaud!)
Back in my post on Luck: Episode 4, I gave that episode a subtitle, calling the show ‘Work’. In my recap post of Episode 5, I ended the post by summarizing some questions about where the series would go with this: Just remember, there’s no sure things in racing or life (other than death and taxes) – so we’ll find out soon enough. Which probably means only when David Milch, Michael Mann and company decide to tell us.
The fire in the stone gave birth to man’s imagination in art and poetry
4. Storyline – The game feels a little like a single-player game with multiplayer options. This isn’t a bad thing, really. You can solo much of your leveling experience, but there are also Group quests (2+ players) in every zone, plus your Flashpoints or “dungeon instances” to enjoy. Also, there are PVP areas where you will only fight other players.
1. Allegro 7:27
I stopped writing creatively for a long time until I moved out to San Francisco. Here, somehow, I have found myself drawn to writing more than anywhere else I’ve been—in the past two years since living in San Francisco, I have written three novels and am currently working on my fourth. Some of these novels were completed during the month of November, for National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo), which I have to thank for helping me find my passion once again.
My day would have been survivable if my kids would have happily sat in front of the T.V. all day, but no, no that cannot happen on a day like that day. They fought with each other all.day.long! I could hardly do a thing about it because I could hardly move or sit up with out feeling weak and like I was going to pass out. I was miserable to say the least!
Back of my neck getting dirty and gritty
Perhaps the same fact-pattern could have formed the basis for a copyright infringement (Article 25(1)(f)) or entitlement (Article 25(1)(c)) challenge - the latter, however, could not have been brought at OHIM until after a national Court decision.
I also had my first yoga class this weekend passed, and thoroughly enjoyed it. I was very stiff afterwards and the next day (this could explain my poor running?), but will be going back a couple of times this week, and if I continue to like it I will keep on going!
I personally prefer his folky Damien Rice type stuff over the beat-boxing raps about his ginger hair. That is why I recorded his hit, A-Team.
A great way to organise Targets and to focus on specific Groups in your monitoring setup. A drawback however, when looking at maintaining these groups. In too many situations at Customer sites, assigning newly created Targets to a specific Group simply was forgotten. This often resulted in incomplete monitoring of specific Targets.
An elderly man, while sitting in a hospital waiting room, suddenly gasps and falls to the hard floor. He writhes in pain for several minutes before passing on. The other people sitting in the room watch and do nothing.
I suggested he look into Google +.
John would have wondered, had he been thinking clearly, how someone of Casey’s soft, generously proportioned flash could move with such speed and elegance. John wasn’t thinking clearly. John was not thinking. At all.
9 And the man of God sent unto the king of Israel, saying, Beware that thou pass not such a place; for thither the Syrians are come down.
Edward Norton/Brad Pitt (Fight Club)
The Lord is good to me,
A Wind at My Back Christmas ... BYU ... 9 PM
Sunflower Cottage - week 4 (Gelsinger - 28ct, 1 over 1)
My cake pics:
Working in the pose:
Athletes are not the only ones put on display during the Olympic Games. The host cities responsible for hosting the games perhaps receive more intense media attention over the course of three weeks, the duration of the games, than they would normally over a period of several months. That’s because almost the entire world is literally watching. According to Nielsen, 4.7 billion people tuned in to watch some portion of television coverage of the last Summer Olympics in Beijing.
To explain to you why Airavata continues to live in my imagination I should start by sharing a few of my own childhood and adult meetings with elephants… though none of the elephants I’ve come across have ever been white!
French beans, 10 pcs, cut into 1" length
would want a place in the city that reflected a little of both worlds.
5. Chase the Train – music by David Matthews
Following our visit, I thought of how wonderful it is that Christ dwells within the believer and knows our every thought even during the fogginess of old age. No interpretation or guessing needed.
The show went ahead and was beamed via satellite from Berlin to London where it was webcast live to the world. A full recording of this inspiring show can be found here
Competition is strong in every factor of our economy and it’s a major concern for everybody at the C-Level. Larger institutions are buying smaller competitors and even the other way around, in order to gain more market share. The CEO Level is charged with finding new approaches to increasing revenues, cutting costs in their operations, getting more done with less, all to gain a competitive advantage over others in their industry. When we call on C-level buyers, we must think like C-level buyers! We need to be thinking about ways that we might be able to help C-Level buyers accomplish their company goals.
Lunching anywhere nice in central London towards the end of November is traditionally a nightmare. Early Christmas revellers or admen with any-excuse-will-do clients in tow together clog up every eaterie around. But not this year. As I walked from the tube to my lunch appointment, every restaurant had at most half a dozen people eating.
It is somewhat chilly out here this afternoon and even though we are in the sheltered side yard,
The failure of the scientific method in attaining any efficacious change in the full persuasion of one’s mind in matters of religion, renders pointless the need for proofs or evidence to be submitted to anyone for scrutiny. Every private man’s search and study discovers the truth of the matter unto himself. Indeed, the man to whom the proofs or evidence must be supplied will have his hands full making his own salvation sure. It would be even more treacherous for a man who cares for his soul to submit evidence for scrutiny to someone who has a complete lack of care for his own soul. An atheist is a very poor man indeed to receive advice from on matters of religion.
Sat- REST maybe go for a mile walk or something
Hi I wish I knew who you are, but it does not matter as long as you are working to let people know who she really is! 9:14 AM Dec 7
My foundation.
But who cares? Back to the Matrix and the “reality show.”
Finally, when I'd rolled over and muttered how I was going to scruff Scruffy personally if he didn't shut the HELL up, Woody quietly rolled out of bed and went out to see what he could do.
Mom kept an immaculate house. At least once a week everything from floor to ceiling and everything in between was swept, vacuumed, washed, or polished. Curtains and blinds were regularly taken down and washed, silver was polished, and spiders didn’t dare start a web in one of her corners. She took a part-time job when I started to school, but she was fast with a broom and still kept up with her cleaning. A few years later when she went to work full time, she didn’t lower her standards but instead enlisted the rest of the family to help in the weekly ritual. Well, most of the family. By then my brother Jim was involved with school and church activities and various part-time jobs that exempted him, but Dad and I knew what our Saturday morning duties were. I changed bed and bath linens, cleaned the bathroom, and dusted; Dad did the floors; and Mom stayed in the kitchen. She cooked a lot, especially on Saturday, and while she cooked, she cleaned. Her appliances always sparkled like they had just been delivered, and her kitchen floor really was clean enough to serve as a dinner plate if you were so inclined.
I took a single seat approximately 4 miles from the stage, right next to a joyous little 4 year old by the name of Julio (Julie-O). Right away, I was welcomed with a great big and friendly "Hi!". I still had half of an hour to kill before showtime and my mind started to wander as I contemplated the enjoyment that I would extract from the upcoming performance. I thought to myself, "Ya know, with this seating, I could really sneak out the back door and have time to grab a couple of drinks and something to snack on, be back in time for the finale and the Weasels would never be the wiser". Then I realized that I had not said that in my head, but out loud! I'm one point closer to that Mother of the Year Award.
To get
Suitable from 3-24 months
The Wylie Agency has launched an e-book imprint, Odyssey Editions, which will initially publish twenty titles of literature’s most influential authors exclusively through Amazon’s Kindle Store. This is potentially one of the most significant pieces of news this year in the publishing world, and perhaps for some time to come if Wylie continues to expand and utilize the availability of their authors' e-book rights. Andrew Wylie pulled no punches last month when he was interviewed by Harvard Magazine. In the interview he said that the time had come to circumvent publishers and monetize unassigned digital book rights.
Ohhh, these pictures make me really want to get to this Welsh sideboard and refinish it!
633 days may seem like a lot, but give it a shot -- I'm going to miss having my daily visit from Scheherazade, but now I have the fun of picking out my next DailyLit read.
This book-inspired cooking post is going to wend its way over to Simona at Briciole who is hosting another one of her delightful Novel Food blog event. Novel Food is cohosted with Lisa of A Champaign Taste and celebrates the love of reading with the love of cooking and there are always intriguing new book selections to seek out when reading each of the Novel Food roundups. If you are interested in joining Novel Food, the deadline is Feb. 13.
North Carlina fans of The Allman Brothers Band haven’t been forgotten on the band’s itinerary. The band will be in Charlotte Friday, August 3rd and Raleigh Saturday, August 4th. Fellow southern rock legends Lynyrd Skynyrd will join the band for both of its North Carolina dates. Its remaining August dates will be spent in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts with a handful of very special shows.
The WEDNESDAYS WORDS column is a new blog feature, appearing (you guessed it!) every Wednesday. Come back next week to see which books make the list!
1383 ***D-V/1/2001. “My How Times Have Changed.” Response to an Award from the West Suburban Bar Association, Riverside, Illinois. Presented by Marijane F. Placek and Francis D. Wolfe, Jr. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Appendix 7.)
Pirates of Blood River (1962)
Serve a chop alongside greens. Top greens with toasted pasta and drizzle some pesto over everything.
With kissless nights under Heaven’s moonlit skies,
“Where do YOU think you are?
A new white desk and white leather chair! I love the modern and clean look it has! I ordered a hutch for it yesterday, so excited for that to come in so I can spice it up a little and make it more personal! This my friends, is where I will be blogging from now! So excited to have a space that is all mine and that will allow me to be more creative!
pointed towards the pink clouds. i saw hawks & crows & prairie dogs.
The ribbon cutting ended at exactly 12:12 p.m., and a long line began forming at the museum doors for the first entry at 12:45 p.m. Dali museum members & visitors (who had purchased timed entry tickets) lined up for the first glimpse of this marvelous museum. I was told by museum volunteers that the museum was filled to its 2000 capacity within 30 minutes. Apparently, the first in line were from Germany, who come for their vacation in the St Petersburg area every year and had changed their trip to be here for the opening. Others had come from Spain, Italy, France, Russia, India, China & many more countries as well as every state just to be here for this historical event. Of course, St Petersburg, Florida & the Tampa Bay were well represented too. The visitors ranged in age from small babies, one even sported a hand drawn Dali moustache, to retirees, with & without Dali moustaches. The visitors included the Krewe of the Knights of Sant’ Yago from Tampa in their traditional Spanish clothing, students in the Advanced Placement art history class at Osceola High School who dressed as the images in Dalí’s famous painting The Hallucinogenic Toreador and many other people donning images from Dali’s works – shoes, ants, lobsters, diving gear, elephants. It was incredible with everyone smiling & having fun. Official entertainment included The Florida Orchestra Brass Quintet, the Cuban & Latin jazz band Freddy Montes & Son and the Ovations School for the Arts dancers, who performed different types of dances from several decades.
That's a great question. I'd have to say Ultraviolence (les petits pilous remix) by hearts revolution would be the song. I mean who doesn't like violence - ultrified then remixed?
Being a Clumsy Boy
1971’s Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory as an Old Testament parable—discuss:
The missionary thing wasn't out of my system, though. A few years later, I became very interested in Wycliffe Bible Translators. In fact I completed some of the application process to become a translator and although in the end it wasn't God's plan for me I still take an interest in their work. Today I came across this fascinating gem in their prayer diary:
“he heavies come in. They tell you about their service, and they tell you how it is going to work and how much it is going to cost. We are a small operation, and we employ our own doormen. We used to pay R250 per month to Pro Security – just to keep them off our back. But now the same service would cost R500 per week. On top of that they were insisting on inserting two or three of their people inside the club for security.”
There it is, evangelism, as we identify ourselves with the lost for as they are, we once were. Remember that you and I are only sinners but as for me, saved by grace.
Bye.Cya.
Hope everyone is having a happy and healthy weekend!
What? Is this my imagination or do I feel his hands creeping up grazing my hidden lower lips? Yep, that is exactly what he is doing. I couldn’t take it anymore.
Though Polanski never explicitly acknowledges it, there is temptation for Walker to forget his wife and go for Michelle instead. One reason could be the possibility that Walker’s wife might not have been kidnapped at all but may, instead, have been whisked away by a lover somewhere in Paris. Walker refuses to accept this as truth, although it makes for a helpful alibi after he begins fending off curious bystanders. To get the police off his case, he tells them that Michelle is his mistress. To rescue Michelle when she is beaten by angry thugs, he sneaks into her apartment from the rooftop skylights, slips into her bedroom, strips naked, makes himself visible and then valiantly assaults her tormentors: “Don’t mess with me, man! I am an American, and I AM CRAZY!” Most hilariously, when Walker is stopped by his old colleague, Peter (David Huddleston, aka Jeff Lebowski), at the airport (with Michelle in company), Peter grins at Walker’s “mixed with the bags” excuse—while Edie (Alexandra Stewart), a friend of Sondra’s, sneers that maybe she’ll “see any new faces in HER life.” The scene is a pointed demonstration of the different ways in which males and females react to extramarital affairs, not to mention how they tend to simply regard them without actually acknowledging them.
The Timing Is Never Right: This would be a really easy write for me because I love the concept of just doing it. Thank you, Nike.
The six-story building was literally flattened. Only a couple of survivors were eventually rescued from the wreckage.
(optional: ½ tsp vanilla)
2 Corinthians 5:17 , Therefore if anyone is in Christ he is a new creation the old has passed away behold the new has come.
“Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved” Acts 16:31, while there is still time!
Mr. Hendrickson has been CEO of Frederick Living since 2005 and has served as executive director of two other retirement communities. For 14 years, he served in progressively responsible positions at Nyack College (Nyack, N.Y.) culminating in responsibilities as associate dean/registrar in 1990.
It is actually very similar to the iphone app tweegram. It has quite a few similar backgrounds including the post, old school envelope, the yellow sticky, a pink not so hello kitty version, paper, chalkboard. I’d say its just as good. Here is the download link
And girls your biggest test is passed when you can control your emotions and see beyond your imagination. You show amazing grace and beauty when you won’t sell out your body for love. You become a woman of mystery when you don’t allow your emotions to lie to you about something you don’t have. The power of a woman is in her ability to manage her emotions and not let her emotions control her.
Hope you are all having a wonderful weekend
*hugs*
Where is this water
Well, come with me. I will show you around the cave. “Cave, the first time you said that, I actually thought it was a cave, or at least cave like!”, she laughs. I suggest I call it a cave because I am a troll or ogre or something, or that is how I see it. She just shakes her head a bit and smiles again. I show her the rest of the compartmentalized main room. It is a large round room in which I have placed room screens so as to produce stations or little rooms. There are five areas: the central are is for food consumption, relaxation, games, and such; the first outer area has my communication set up; the next area has my ammunition production, partial weapon storage and cleaning, and all associated tools; then is the general storage area where I keep all dry goods from rope to dry foods to seasonal clothing and bedding; the final area is unused. There is the front foyer, as I call it, for hanging coats, jackets, and dirty or wet clothes, leaving shoes, umbrellas, and hats, and I show her how to stow these things, and were I prefer them. I then take her to the closet in the storage area. In there I keep all functional bedding, towels, and toiletries.
Lord, cleanse me from my sins and make me a fit vessel for your presence. Permeate my entire being with your life and your love so that I can truly be your instrument in this world. Be my Lord, Be My God, Be my King to rule and to reign in me. In faith and by your grace I receive You and I receive Your word. Abide in me just as you abide in the Father and the Father in You! Thank You for giving Yourself for me. Amen!
the process of liquidation of the revolution was completed. The collectivization decree of October 24 was rescinded and industries were "freed" from workers' control. Communist-led armies swept through Aragon, destroying many collectives and dismantling their organizations and, generally, bringing the area under the control of the central government. Throughout the Republican-held territories, the government, now under Communist domination, acted in accordance with the plan announced in Pravda on December 17, 1936: "So far as Catalonia is concerned, the cleaning up of Trotzkyist and Anarcho-Syndicalist elements there has already begun, and it will be carried out there with the same energy as in the U.S.S.R." -- and, we may add, in much the same manner.
Mokaba, who died in June 2002, was known for singing his socalled ‘ traditional struggle song’ with the words "kill the boer, kill the farmer" at ANCYL rallies. Mokaba was honoured by FIFA naming the World Cup stadium in the town of Pietersburg – now unilaterally renamed to Polokwane -- after him.
All three changes have resulted directly from deliberate social or economic engineering on the part of post war governments, and it is impossible to argue that a reduction in births was not a primary aim, at least of the first two or that a reduction in births has been a direct result of the third.
reading and making some of the gorgeous things..
“I’m not waiting around to find out.” His face was white and deadly serious. “Trust me on this, Julien. They are coming here and when they do, it’s better for you if I’m long gone.” I believe it is very dangerous to be a Jew in Germany. And soon—
Giovana
Send this praise to flailing, illusory devils
it goes in.
Waking up to Macca is a highlight of the weekend - Mark.
The British drugstore chain, Boots, started selling their products here in the United States in the recent past. The skincare routine Amy (my sis) is using is from their No 7 line. I used the daytime and nighttime moisturizers, as well as the Beauty Serum, and I was hooked after just one use. So I picked up the line myself and have been using it for about a week now. For real - my skin looks better. I don't know what's so different about it but my skin is thanking me!
to thank you!!!!
Because they are on spring break they were forced to do the grocery shopping with me this week and when I asked if they had any ideas for the “surprise” meal, they volunteered to make it themselves. Here’s the menu they came up with: pasta with chicken apple sausage and garlic broccoli in red sauce & a salad with romaine, red peppers, sliced mushrooms & cherry tomatoes in a lemon vinaigrette.
Finish off, or continue in this manner for desired length. I did a row of beg dc clusters along the bottom to add little scallops before I finished off. Weave in ends and enjoy!
Today I have been doing research for my Printing course. It's the first upcoming critique, this Wednesday. Our first assignment is to design a business card for ourselves. It is actually turning out to be a bit more difficult than I thought. I have so many fabulous interests, I'm just not sure which I'd like to emphasize. The illustrator Kristine? The vintage Kristine? The baker Kristine? The photographer Kristine?
Moving away, moving away
If it sounds like Tom Cruise gets to have all of the fun in this movie, he essentially does. He has the charisma and star power still to retain your attention whenever he’s on the screen. However there is also no doubt that the man is getting older (he’ll turn 50 in 2012) and that he is slowing down some. This is not the cocky self-confident Cruise who did the first Mission: Impossible film. He is not yet too old for the role but he’s certainly showing signs that he’s on his way there.
On an August day in 1983, Bissinger, a former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter, author of A PRAYER FOR THE CITY and FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS, rushed to the hospital where his wife, who'd been on bed rest for two months, had just given birth to premature twins, born just three minutes apart.
“Is this my only option? If I don’t do this, will I become blind?”
Oh yes it was.
To create the cameo, I stamped the image using clear ink and bonding powder.
Federal officials delisted wolves in the Northern Rockies based on Idaho’s commitment to maintain between 518 and 732 wolves. But the governor broke this promise, leading to Idaho’s policy of killing off hundreds of wolves. This gives new unfortunate meaning to the old phrase of “bait and switch.”
“I quite understand why you say that,” he replies, meeting me half way this time, “but you have to think your way into the mindset of 2,000 years ago. The apostles did see something out of the ordinary, the image on the cloth.
You have to make Hungry Tigress' North Indian Lime Pickle. I've never had them with regular limes, so I don't know how that tastes. I'm sure amazing. So, with Rangpur limes, think double triple billion amazing. I am a total wimp, so I followed her directions for not adding cayenne, and upping the sugar. Yeah, I know, I'm lame, but believe me these pickles are still awesome. This is the kind of pickle that is beguiling. One that makes your mouth pucker, salivary glands wake up even when they are behind you, and you can't even see them. That's where they are right now, and I just got up to smell them. Ahhhh.
Before the Qur’an was revealed, there was no restictions
HopHattan
Best eaten with rice cake (lontong), flavored rice or flat bread. In fact this chicken rendang compliments well with the pumpkin pulao.
There is nothing permanent except change.
Just like you always said there was something about me you liked that I left behind
I LOVE LITTLE ONES!
Norvalts - Here be Vikings and their ilk.
You know the one? You read a report in the paper about someone dying and one half of your brain thinks: Oh no, that's terrible, while the other half goes: What a moron.
**END**
plus progress on Game Board Sampler. I also made a
On May 2nd, the Yinka Dene will rally at the Alberta Legislature and march to the Enbridge office in downtown Edmonton at 11:30am. We welcome everyone to come and join them and help elevate their voices. For more information please check out the facebook event here.
100. There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar (euro, pound).
next day,
Remember to follow their themes and please, do not forget to leave the Design team Ladies some loving comments on their work.
I was so proud at how brave my nana was. She had never been to hosiptal and I'm sure at times it was all a little daunting. I knew by her she didn't understand somethings, so I'd explain everything to her and tell her things like - why they were checking her blood pressure so often.
08/12/2010 SELL 0.01 usdcad 1.0487 08/12/2010 1.0449 +3.64
Some pre-drilling....
Stay tuned for the rest of the weekend...
Wait a little minute, I said to myself, after writing that. The enjoyment of praise is only one motive for the WIW post.
I wanted my Old Boy to have a nice, inviting frothy top, and I was unwilling to let much of it go down the drain. My pouring was done with reasonable care, and I'd waited several hours before even daring to pour, but the result was still a glass full of gloopy yeast which was merely accompanied by some very lovely beer.
William Primrose, viola; Gerald Moore, piano
and sank in tumult to a lifeless ocean.
6) Minute mashed potatoes really do only take one minute.
"Sleepy has been gone for a while," Charm noted once they were alone.
All in all, this is a very funny issue, probably the high point of Assistant Editors' Month. I was a big fan of Letterman and Marvel Comics when this came out, so this has long been one of my favorite comic book stories. I'd like to thank Roger Stern, Al Milgrom, Joe Sinnott and Mike Carlin for making this story happen back in '83!
"Go on boy, you go run, I've got thinking and drinking to do".
I don’t know if this is what the fight was for. And what did Team Anna get? All small issues like saving money by travelling on budget flights, celebrating birthdays and failure to pay money for breaking employment bonds were raked up. Mud was smeared on all of them. Possibly there were even people who believed these acts were as bad as the 3G and CWG scams. The credibility of the team has been systematically eroded and people have gone back to believing everyone is selfish and corrupt and nothing is going to change in this country. No wonder no one came out this time.
But in February, he said, the agency stopped communicating altogether. SEC leaders no longer want any space. Nester said it is now “working with the General Services Administration to transfer the remaining space to it for use by other government tenants, a process we hope to complete shortly.”
There was a recent article in the NY Times that discussed the potential impact of digital editions of books on mega booksellers, such as Barnes and Noble. The article noted that, as in the film "You Have Mail" the romantic comedy which had Tom Hanks' "Fox Books" book chain pushing Meg Ryan's "The Little Shop Around the Corner" out of the book business, digital books sold online at lower prices may now be threatening the large book chains with their relatively high mortar and brick overheads, in the same way the big chains previously muscled the little book stores out of business.
Jobs and Education, Not War and Occupation!
Vacuuming leads to mopping leads to bathroom cleaning – all of which can be done while talking on the phone.
Sate Ponorogo
I understand there was a rationale for trading for Bordick. Rey Ordonez, #34 on our list, got hurt in 2000, and Steve Phillips makes a panic move sending fan favorite and super-utility man Melvin Mora to Baltimore for Oriole-lifer Mike Bordick.
“What do you mean?”
Look for the cause of the guilt : What is the mismatch between this “Ideal You” and the real you? Do you have an unmet need? Do you need to change your actions so that they align with your values?
Jackie can evaluate your new property in terms of potential rental returns, quality of location, potential for renovation or redevelopment and more. Plus, she loves to share her local knowledge to help you find the best schools, restaurants, markets, festivals, cultural events and organizations.
Shoes: Walter Steiger
I had learned too, from experience, that there was no arguing or bargaining with this Other. Again and again it went dead under my hand... I knew that feeling well too; and I knew it meant that the daemon wasn't with me any longer, or never had been with this piece of work. One certain way to drive away the Daemon was, I'd learned, to argue with It. If Its dictum was that a certain character should die, and I said, no, that's too sad, or too horrible, or I don't want to kill that person – then the Daemon stalked away and left me to do what I could on my own. Which was nothing good. Left to myself, it seemed, all I could produce was the most obvious, uninspired, dull verbiage. There was only one way to persuade the Daemon to return – give in to all Its demands. Find a way to make Its suggestions work, however outrageous, cruel, unlikely and difficult to research they were. Daemons, I learned, never argue or bargain. They simply leave.
I remember when I was little girl, my mom would never tell me ahead of time when we were going to the doctor. She would just put me in the car under the guise of going somewhere else and then we would end up at the doctors office. I'd scream and holler but was promised a sucker for being good so that made everything better.
Right. Because I’m so desperate to win at Wii Dance that I would go down the Bane route….
" Sure thing! What is your e-mail address?"
-Macedonia
Then comes the singer of epics. Like the dancers, the singers tell the stories of the gods in song, in front of the phad, a kind of scroll with illustrations of what the songs are about, which is also a form of portable temple. The songs are learnt and passed on by oral tradition, and Dalrymple makes some interesting points about the differences between oral and written cultures, and the effects of modern technology on the tradition — will people bother to learn the songs when you can get them all on DVD? He also notes how this has been lost in the West, where epics like Homer’s Iliad have long been passed on in written form, and the oral performance has been completely lost.
It seems like we are in a similar position when it comes to belief in God as produced by the HADD. We just have a device, that produces a particular kind of belief as an output (even in cases where the object of the belief is absent). So unless we have some independent means of verifying or confirming the reliability of that output, we have nothing that would count as the basis of a warranted belief.
Nicole didn't know what to do at this point, and says she felt like she was going to have a nervous breakdown.
This week the challenge is Stitch it up!! So we want to see some stitching on your card – real or faux so for those without sewing machines (or don’t want real stitching) you can doodle some stitching on your project. And here’s the fabulous prize up for grabs!
Anyway, the lesson here, to me, is: if you have to explain something, don't assume it's the reader's fault, assume it's yours. And take it as an opportunity to learn something about what you need to work on.
In the final episode of the current series of Writing Room Revelations, three well-known and entirely wonderful children’s authors – John Dickinson, Philip Ardagh, Malorie Blackman - and Teri Terry, a soon-to-be-published debut YA author, reveal their writing room secrets by answering the questions:
In other news I bought a quiche from Morrisons tonight. Every time I decide to buy a quiche I end up regretting it but this one looked quite nice. Come back next week and I'll tell you if it has changed my opinion on quiches or if I get about a 1/4 of the way through and get bored.
layering one stamp on top of each other,, with inks and paints.
The bad apple would have been my ex. For those that have read some of the chapters from my journal I had been putting online... You know what I'm saying. Those that want to read send me an email and I'll send you the website addy ('dispatcherandofficer' gmail address).
6. Add the washed fish.
This entire scenario appears surreal and insane until one reads the National Union of Journalists (NUJ) guidelines on racial reporting, at which point all becomes clear:
It’s always a good idea to communicate with your referral sources. This is a great opportunity to send an email blast or mailing to your referral sources and others on your contact list.
I have been waiting for the day when I could share this very special place with my kiddo's. The time has come now and I can't wait! We are headed there soon. We are very blessed to be able to go on such a special trip. Just me and my precious family. No work, school, homework, chores, etc. Just us making some wonderful memories!
11/02 Long Branch, NJ @ The Brighton Bar
Update 5 : Print and PDF Support Added. 12 Jun 2011
The Marquess of Bute was create in 1796 and the title is still in use today by a British racecar driver. Dumfries House serves as their family seat.
Team ERA: 4.08
** Proposals to the international accounting community
I did like the author’s direct and conversational style, but I believe I would have enjoyed this book more had there been more of a reference to DOGS. For me, the title Dog Sense led me to believe the dogs in the book would play a larger role. I felt their appearance in the book was rather weak. I would have enjoyed reading less about the bullying of Guy by Brad, and would have enjoyed reading MORE about the impact their respective dogs had on their life.
The Faction less seem to have banded together to form a much larger unity then any of the other factions. Within their group they have people who were part of all factions which includes Divergent, therefore making them stronger than any existing faction. Tris has an off feeling about Evelyn, the entire situation of them trying to get Dauntless and the Faction less together to overtake Erudite doesn't sit well with her. They move on back to their Dauntless headquarters as the traitors are at Erudite and no one is at Dauntless. This is decided while they were staying at the Candor headquarter - this is where the Dauntless retreated to after the first fight simulation. Tobias is now one of the Dauntless leaders, something Tris believes he always wanted.
Just when you start to enjoy yourself somewhere, your friends drag you on to the next location. This constant chase not to miss a thing, makes you miss everything.
20.In This Life
Now that the walk for this year is over I am going to apply what I have learned to my weight loss journey. If I can train in the heat of summer and get up at 4 a.m. on the weekends to do so, raise money, and walk 60 miles in 3 days I can do what most people consider the impossible - lose 40 or 50 more pounds! I have learned that I can do anything I set out to do! All I have to do is put my whole self into it! And I intend to do just that - the impossible really is possible when you want it bad enough!
See you in a few weeks,
This column is far too short for me to describe how to go about doing this, but fortunately excellent sources of information on this topic are already in print. Let me recommend two books to you by Michael Pollan. “Omnivore’s Dilemma” is an eye-opening expose of how we came, as a society, to eat so much sugar in everything, and “In Defense of Food” spells out how to go about extricating ourselves from the unhealthy Western diet to which most of us adhere.
Nelson Mandela Bay is known by many names; so many in fact that its hard to keep up with all of them: The Friendly City; The Windy City, Algoa Bay, The Bay, and until 2001 it was known as Port Elizabeth.
(The class broke out in laughter )
As the coffee-shop conversation progressed, Obama turned the tables and started interviewing Kellman. He wanted to make sure that the Developing Communities Project was legitimate and serious. This wasn’t some far-left enterprise, was it? He had moved beyond that, he said. Obama turned his questioning to Chicago and what this disheveled white man could teach him. Kellman wondered what Obama knew about Chicago. Not much. Hog butcher for the world, Obama said, reciting the famous Carl Sandburg line. Not anymore—the stockyards had closed, Kellman responded. Obama mentioned the Cubs, perennial losers, and Harold Washington, the town’s new winner. He pressed Kellman for more observations about the city and the South Side neighborhoods, what was happening with the steel mills, the decline of factory work, the fraying of families and communities. The more they talked, the more it became obvious to Kellman that Obama was his man.
He also has to be willing to walk away fairly early if the results are not favorable based on the initial things he has done to get her interest. . If I’ts not favorable, STOP, DROP and ROLL your arse away from her and to the next woman of interest! Do not pass go, do not try to collect two hundred, just keep it moving for your own sake and hers.
- Entrepreneurship! Encore Careers and Personalized Business Models
having seen a similar idea in a magazine and popping
On the bright side, the storm has shifted somewhat to the east, aimed right at Miami. This means Key West and the Zombie Princess will probably be in the better quadrant of the storm, since the area south and east of a hurricane is usually the worst place to be.
Reading the poems, google translate firmly on my iPad, I am delighted, they are beautiful, my Spanish is not sufficient to follow all of it..... so maybe I make some things up... does that matter?
Possibly because as good as a shoe might look on my foot, I’m never going to strut down the street with a little sexy wiggle, so whilst I can appreciate a gorgeous stiletto I can often resist the urge to splash the cash; though to be honest I do still have lots of shoes, I just don’t have to spend additional money on getting them re heeled!
In my mid teens, both of my gradparents died and so did the regular family socializing.
I think of all the things I could/should be doing, but I don't really care about any of them.
Superior and funny. I’m like Joanna Lumley mixed in with Victoria Wood.
but Then again,
Now then, I want to beat around the bush (or should that be Whomping Willow?), I really really do… but I won’t, because there’s absolutely no denying it – this is an experience that any Harry Potter fan is going to find amazing, be they adult or child, die-hard or casual. There truly is something for everyone at The Making of Harry Potter. Right from when you first step into the studio foyer and are greeted with photos on the walls above of the principal cast members from across the years, as well as the infamous flying Ford Anglia hanging from the ceiling (complete with blinking indicator light), you know this is going to be something special.
reader gets sick of reading them. I also have included the URL's for verification of all the following facts...
1-3/4 teaspoon allspice
Make lots of pretties for my shop.
Howe has learned from one of the best in Tracy Smothers, and is truly one of the top stars to watch for with his size and charisma that continues to rock the ring all nigh long.
“Because, you’re an official sket.”
For the month of May, Scriptshadow will be foregoing its traditional reviewing to instead review scripts from you, the readers of the site. To find out more about how the month lines up, go back and read the original post here. The first week, we allowed any writers to send in their script for review. Last week, we raised the bar and reviewed repped writers only. This week, we're doing something different. I read a lot of amateur scripts. Some through my notes service, some through contests, and some through referrals. I wanted to spend a week (or maybe two) highlighting some of the best scripts I've come across. All these scripts are available. So if you're a buyer and it sounds like something you may be interested in, then get a hold of these writers through the contact information on their script before someone else does. Monday, Roger reviewed a cool script from Michael Stark titled, "Treading On Angles." Tuesday, I reviewed our first female writer of Amateur Month, Lindsey, and her script, "Blue." Wednesday I reviewed the sci-fi thriller/procedural, "Nine Gold Souls." Yesterday, I reviewed another sci-fi piece, "The Translation." And today I review a teenage thriller.
It serves a great purpose to reiterate that the only beneficial method is the Direct Method. “Traditional foreign language classroom methodologies…may rely more heavily on learning about the L2 ‘without the pragmatic use of the language for interaction’…” (Pelletieri 287). This is the only way to gain some mastery of the target language before any meaningful interaction can occur with it, which will denounce the apprehension every student experiences when learning about a different culture.
Cole is only 6. He needs those long and fast rides. So far, this spring, we have gone on medium-length moderate rides with Ranger. I have loved every minute of it, but when Ellen said she had to work on a Sunday, I started planning a long and fast ride.
You can stick the kettle on and find me a cup.
Hours after the act passed, presidential candidate Rick Santorum was granted Secret Service protection. For the American protester, this indeed means that glitter-bombing the former Pennsylvania senator is officially a very big no-no, but it doesn’t stop with just him. Santorum’s coverage under the Secret Service began on Tuesday, but fellow GOP hopeful Mitt Romney has already been receiving such security. A campaign aide who asked not to be identified confirmed last week to CBS News that former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has sought Secret Service protection as well. Even former contender Herman Cain received the armed protection treatment when he was still in the running for the Republican Party nod.
Steinbeck says:
We really are so blessed to be able to enjoy this trip. Caleb has been amazing and going with the flow on where we take him. When we started this our prayers were always that the Lord led us to the child He had for us. We could never have dreamed for a better fit. He just amazes us. I know once home this boy is going to just blossom and learn so many new things from his brother and sisters (Nate dad told me to remind you they better be all good things...lol). Thanks again for all your continued prayers. We are so grateful to everyone.
Since this wasn’t the first trip I hope to be better prepared. The dropped requirement for crampons was helping with weight too (there was some weird request to bring bike helmets as a protection during river crossings. Thankfully it was dropped as well). Somehow this time around I’ve managed to fit all my food into the bear box – 12 days of it. I seem to be getting better at (or I will be a lot skinnier at the end).
Acehnese food has more influenced from Southern Indian food compare to other regions in Indonesia. There is one ingredient here that is speciality to Aceh dishes, asam sunti. By giving the name asam, it means sour and made from dried bilimbi. If you don’t have any asam sunti, just add more bilimbi (Averrhoa bilimbi or kamias in Tagalog).
If I had to pick one, contingent upon Dalton feeling better, I'd go with Cincinnati upsetting the Texans.
Weekday sessions to choose from:
And until, at last perfected, we bear witness
Last night I was sat on my bed staring at my sketchbooks and pencils that were scattered all around the room. I got angry. I picked them all up and threw them in a trash bag. I walked out to the huge green garbage bin outside and chucked it in. I went back inside. I sat on my bed and thought about what I had just done.
I let go of my shame of rejection and being betrayed.
Using a spoon, carefully drop tablespoons of the batter in each paper cup, filling each about ¾ the way up. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until puffed up and just set in the center. Remove the muffin trays to a cooling rack and carefully pop each muffin out of the mold. Allow to cool on cooling racks.
So do keep on measuring the team’s output because that’s your certainty that the system is working, but give your people the freedom to work out how best to achieve those results by giving them the wherewithall to make those decisions for themselves. That blurry shape in fig 1 that we called a team can have structure, shape and accountability without you making all the decisions but only when you do it in a way that empowers the people within. You were there once too, and you know how much you loathe being told what to do!
The Only Exception by Paramore
TRAINING:
Happy Monday! I hope you all had a great weekend. Did you celebrate National Scrapbooking Day? Did you indulge in a margarita for Cinco de Mayo? I have to say that I did both. I spent the weekend on a scrapbook retreat with 9 of my closest scrappy girlfriends and we had quite the weekend. Plus I managed to get a bit of scrapping done, too.
1. A computer-automated method for rating or ranking patents or other intangible
I want to see a dystopian film that shows a green and pleasant land, a society in which everyone more or less gets what they want and the price of freedom seems cheap. One in which I would be tempted to collaborate. (Oh, right. More like the one we already live in... but I digress.)
Sam’s rating: 10/10
Coincidentally, this would come to tie in with conversations we’ve had lately on an entirely unrelated subject or so one would think, her education. Up until the past several weeks she indicated upon graduating her intentions were to dive directly into her chosen profession, working at the drive-up window at Taco Bell. More recently, however, she seems to be leaning more toward hair stylist or esthetician. Personally, I have no issues as to what a person does, as long as they pursue doing something. Ideally it could be hoped that on some level it makes them happy (it is work after all), doesn’t require posting of bail, and provides a fairly decent living that has no cardboard sign involved. A bright and lovely girl, I’m sure her direction will become less muddied with a few more years under her belt. At fourteen I wanted to be a nurse, a psychic or an archaeologist and look at me now. Smile.
Leaving New York and Pharmacy behind
DURATION: 2 hours
For now I'll continue to be a wallflower at the Tecktonik ball until I'm the only one left not flailing my arms around my head, pretending to comb my fauxhawk. I can feel my "damn kids" complaints growing in the back of my throat & getting ready to shove themselves on to an unsuspecting public of sexually-ambiguous 80's regurgitaters.
O. Pful
Wyde and Gregg both expect Ewing’s court-appointed attorney to file a motion to have the bond reduced.
On June 21st 2010 Ms. Christine Lagarde, former French Finance Minister and current IMF Chief and Ms. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, World Bank Group’s Managing Director and former Finance Minister of Nigeria wrote an article which was posted on Project Syndicate website captioned ‘No Safe Havens for Dirty Money’. In their article they argued that tax havens, looted funds, bribery, and corruption hurt poor countries more and that the global financial crisis has served to show that there is little tolerance for people who cheat. To them both high income and particularly low income countries will benefit if everyone plays by the rules adding that ‘Corruption – under any form or circumstance – is a cancer that cripples developed and developing economies alike. It undermines economic growth. It is a crime that produces particularly damaging consequences in the developing world’. “Everyone must play by the rules” in order to save the world from the current difficult economic and financial situation.
Here’s a list of unforgettable dreams and nightmares that I’ve had when I was a kid
Stolik chuckled; his men followed suit. Typical Jew behavior, he thought – trying to dodge out of a tough situation. “And be robbed of your fine introduction of this no-doubt powerful and respectable old man?”
Wait. A stock photo? Again? What are the odds that two agencies would simultaneously utilize this unfortunate strategy?
And here's your proof it was NNO. Let this go down in bump history! From my personal FB messages:
---yeah I broke down and saw the most recent Twilight craze movie with friends. You just had to once you've see the first three. We actually stood in line and went at like 11 pm. Whatever. It had to be done...and I liked it :)
Because so many of us are psychologically and emotionally disabled, we may relate to the category of the “oppressed”. But even there we attempt to avoid coming to the realization that our problems with oppression are more spiritual than emotional or psychological.
I didnt like Dylan interrupting me in the middle of the blog challenge. He wants to be here a lot now. Kids!
- The most important value in determining the depth and strength of your character (you can CHOOSE to live this value)
Where did this list come from by the way? Did you ever wonder?
*Cut two petals of the Scallop Edge Borde to place them on the cut end
According to earlier revelations about Pc Kennedy, he often took the lead in organising events and a recent court case against environmentalist activists collapsed when it was revealed that the policeman was behind the attempt to occupy a power station.
Post 99 of 180
If I don’t talk to you before then, have a fabulous weekend! Adios amigos! ;)
“Figures, Jenro,” Munin replied, “I remember when you used to be so acquainted with your aloneness. I remember you muddled at a corner when we were younger, always mysterious and still. So calm.”
If Jesus was crucified on a Wednesday, the shops were open in the morning only of the second day (Friday) in preparation for next day’s regular weekly Saturday Sabbath. Mary Magdalene et al. could have bought the sweet spices on Friday morning when the shops had opened. After buying the sweet spices, they could have proceeded to the tomb to anoint Jesus. Why then did the disciples of Jesus had to wait until Sunday, the fourth day, to go very early to the tomb? As Martha, the sister of Lazarus, told Jesus when He asked to take away the stone covering the grave of his brother in John 11:39, “Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days.”
global collectivism brings eternal death to all spirits in seemingly ever-last existences
Opposition political parties reacted with anger to Mthethwa's latest "extravagance".
The Vagos, formed in the late 1960s and have been the subject of numerous investigations. Back in 2006, at least 25 Vagos members were arrested for various weapons and drug violations after a three-year investigation that the Orange County Register called one of the “largest coordinated law enforcement probes ever conducted in the region.”
I was 14...
This news release is more about the start of a press here at UHV than it is the author's book, though "Port of Victoria" is certainly an interesting and important part of the history of this place.
Middle grade novels are not just for tweens! If you don't believe me then read or listen to Breadcrumbs! I adore Hazel! Hazel is a fifth grader whose parents recently split and has to deal with many changes including a new school. Hazel is unpopular and gets picked on, but what makes things easier is her best friend Jack. He has been there for the hardest points in her life.
Karen Altfest, executive vice president of Altfest Personal Wealth Management, said women often seek out female advisers because they feel more comfortable talking to another woman. For example, she’s had a client call from a carpet store to ask what how much she should pay for a Persian rug, something she might feel uneasy asking a male adviser.
this won’t even help with the blood letting
Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri fired four law enforcement officers after they were found to have shirked their duties while on the clock. One said he watched a movie while on duty. Two others were suspended.
They are interesting, every one, and valid. They represented a journey for me, my journey…. I can, with this hand and this brain, translate what I see in such a way that other people can see it too. I can make birds live on paper. And these old bird bones… were part of that process, part of the looking and looking, until you really understand how something works and can then reproduce it in a way, now, that I don’t even have to think about.”
I don't know about you, but I still have trouble wrapping my mind around the Creator of the universe noticing puny me, let alone loving me the way He does!
My co-workers really like Jello too. One person walked into the break room, and shouted "Jello!!" This is a festive, no-bake, super easy recipe that spreads lots of Christmas joy! Recipe here.
How am I to respond to my sinful preoccupation?
Face, but preface, not efface.
C fell asleep in the stroller, so while B and E played and explored, I sat and enjoyed the sun (and wished I'd brought my notebook and pen... I am behind on my word count and really want to get this first draft finished!)
The people reading this takeover news fall loosely into three groups;
Still, it was a little rough on the old self-esteem.
THE KING'S MEN TOUR
In the meantime, I have: to finish decorating (entering hour 15 on The Tree. Yes, just the TREE. It’s the illness, y’all.); shoot off some Christmas cards; schedule the handyman, piano movers, and the carpet people; clean up after said people; clean up after my OWN people; buy everything for Christmas; and, oh yeah, WORK. So, tis the season, and all that jazz.
*Be respectful, courteous and law abiding.
Martha Grace Reese conducted the largest study of mainline congregations and evangelism. Her research showed — we don’t do evangelism very well — surprise, surprise. But, here’s the thing … of the mainline congregations that were growing there were three very basic commonalities … so basic, she says, that you might miss them at first.
LGE thinks he’s white now? Well along with England and the other colonies, much change will be arriving in the form of 3rd Force (barring the lack of guts). PAP is rubbish, DAP is less than rubbish. Where are the real minority leaders that will ask for equality? Step forth and depose this product of nepotism! Trading in business populism, not even political populism, instead of common sense. Here’s your Malaysian yellow ‘Uncle Tom’ (to foreign powers in this case) much like LKY has typified the part for decades . . . keep partying in Australia on taxpayer funds while APARTHEID exists and keep abusing powers instead of amending laws, what happened to Wee should happen to LGE next . . . politicians are supposed to make life easier for the Rakyat then bow out after 2 terms, not parachute in because of nepotism. Unvotable and undemocratic!
He turned 14 years old yesterday and I'm not sure how that happened.
Each one has a button hole so that it can be hung from any hook and with a variety of embellished flower decorations on the front.
My admiration for William Shakespeare has grown exponentially through this experience. Writing this script has been the single-most difficult piece of writing that I’ve attempted to date. When you hear those really quotable lines in a movie or TV series, appreciate it to its fullest
We look over to see what the boys think of the “fighting” going on.
I was watching a video interview with him about The Long Count which was interesting – he said that for him, it also extended to ideas of games and combat, conflict and play in every day life. Was that of significance to you too?
The word “Public Purpose”, as defined in the Act mentioned above refers to the acquisition of land for putting up educational institutions or schemes such as housing, health or slum clearance, apart from the projects for rural planning or formation of sites.
Oh, and while I was researching all those other side effects, I found out that it could be that the Aciphex, which I take for my ulcers, could be eroding my hip joints, causing my hip pain. Nice.
What’s the difference between Tylenol and Advil?
The whole family got in on setting up the crib we already have. Kind of sad to see your babies helping set up the crib they used to sleep in. Know what I mean?
Three summers ago, when we planted the new border and the rose/herb beds, it rained and rained. High summer is not, typically, the best time to put in new plants, but the weather conspired with my impatience. Only the lavender, which hates being water-logged, really suffered.
1/2 c. confectioners' sugar
It’s the start of a great story when Emma runs into a boy at the beach. That’s Galen. Colliding one moment, two fates are inseparably welded together. Galen is temperamental, funny, witty and snarky, just like Emma. I’m sure that you’ll like these two together. They’re pretty entertaining with all their bickering,
Although never explicitly addressed as such, this story is about gender and the restrictions and rejections which often result from rigidly following its dictates. Both the girl and her grandmother refuse to stay in what is defined as their space. Maori tradition is praised and revered in this book, but its gender restriction are challenged, or at least allowed to be transcended.
“Not that difficult to do at all – one day I’ll teach you to quilt,” was her simple reply, and the promise of learning to quilt joined the list of things I would do “when I had time,” a list that came to life only in retirement.
So many of us are wishing for that money train to come rolling along, that we have forgotten what the ride is really like. We have forgotten the ups and downs, the ends and outs and ah yes, the universe. The universe has to stick its nose in.
“Fairy Godmother.” Hilda’s smile was beatific. “And you need to get to the royal ball.”
If your little ones love music as much as mine do and you want to stop worrying about them listening to inappropriate songs then you have to check out Kidz Bop Ultimate Hits…they’ll thank you!
Putnam, R. D. (1995). Bowling alone: America’s declining social capital. Journal of Democracy 6(1), 65-78.
“I hear it’s very nice down there.”
Hugs when your spirit sags
Robin was on good form. We drank and smoked and talked about all sorts of stuff, it was delightful.
Such steps will not save structures from destruction in a major hurricane, Dr. Pilkey said, but they can reduce damage in lesser storms. What of the Future? Difficult choices still lie ahead. But what should public officials do when developed areas are threatened?
Want to hear a fascinating little etiquette tip? When you're introducing someone, you should always say their name first and their relationship to you second.
If this life I lose, I will follow you
Swift as a guillotine
Sometimes a caress... even more memorable than the first kiss? That gentle, furtive touch?
I don’t feel as though I wasted my life watching this film, so why not? Go for it. It’s not hilarious. But it’s not boring either. In fact, I would argue that the acting was above average by comparison to most ordinary relationship films.
A thematic significance statement for Eat Pray Love could be:
Brian has been a professional artist for five decades, during which time he has worked in every area of the illustrative arts ranging through book publishing, magazines, newspapers, government agencies, film, television and art education. Although he loved to draw maps in his childhood, he has only recently been asked to produce them for books, and the commission for "I am the Great Horse” came from book designer Ian Butterworth, with whom Brian has worked over many years.
175 2. Introduction of Malcolm P. Sharp, for “Gambling on Amity.” Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, May 1, 1981, p. 1. (Preferred title: “The Universe Has Its Good and Friendly Features.”)
The night before last, after he had made the big deal about the dishes not being washed, after we got into bed, he wanted to read the Love Languages book to me. Actually, only part of it. I had already started reading it, since I was the one who brought it home and since he had been nagging me to read it. So he started reading out loud where I had stopped reading.
While these baroque fantasies make entertaining cinema (cf. THE STING, THE USUAL SUSPECTS, NINE QUEENS), in reality they are impossible … and unnecessary.
Humbly at His feet I bow,
Herman Cain out of the race?
“Since this has happened, he has paid every single penny back with interest, a little over $7,000. He feels sick about it. He served his brothers for over 10 years he was secretary-treasurer of that union. Never that entire time, until the Crohn’s disease occurred, was there a penny missing.”
Garnish with the fried onions and coriander leaves and serve with some cucumber raita.
Finally, trust and be patient (this is where I’m at right now). I trust that right now, I’m meant to fall in love with myself and no one else. Truly, madly, deeply in love with myself. When I’m meant to be with someone, I’ll meet the perfect man in Vancouver who is also solid and grounded in who he is. But you know what? I haven’t met this guy yet. I trust that he’s out there, but I’m not worried about meeting him. If we’re all the same (energetically speaking that is; I am you, you are me, I am the trees, I am the earth, et cetera), then falling in love with myself is pretty much the same as falling in love with someone else anyways.
Social media done right is about building long-term relationships, kind of the way we build friendships in the real world; and it is hard work.
The first 3 were at 6:30 - 7 right on the edge of the X ring. I adjusted up 3 for the next group and up 2 more for the final group. With one flyer at 9.
On January 18, 1887, new Governor Lawrence Sullivan “Sul” Ross celebrated his inaugural with a ball at the Driskill. The menu included raw oysters, consommé a la cohort, spiced salmon, roast turkey, ham, roast chicken, beef tongue, corned beef, lamb tongue, escalloped oysters, fried oysters (good thing there was an “r” in the month), chicken salad, lobster salad, boned chicken in jelly, lemon ice cream, vanilla ice cream, assorted cakes, confectionery, compotes of fruit, nuts, raisins, and coffee. It’s a wonder anyone could manage to dance that night.
The multirange DC-10 was designed and built in Long Beach, California, by Douglas Aircraft Company, now the Long Beach Division of Boeing Commercial Airplanes. Production was started in January 1968 and first deliveries were in 1971. In a production run extending to 1989, 386 commercial DC-10s were delivered, plus 60 KC-10 tanker/cargo models built for the U.S. Air Force.
I hope to soon return to the work of writing. I still have a few more days or maybe weeks of family business to align, but I feel good about the break I've taken, and about the relationships I've strengthened during this pause. But when I do write, whatever it is, I want the end story to be about hope. It was a conscious decision I came to a few months back. It's the right one for me. Today, it was reconfirmed.
4 tomato slices
With this background knowledge, why is Phil Pringle inviting the cult-like leader Kong Hee to speak at this years Presence Conference? He is not faithful to scripture, faithful to the church, faithful to the poor or faithful to the community. Hee is continually misrepresenting Jesus for worldly reasons.
I am wanting to get rid of everything... I don't like it just sitting around! And I don't want to put it all back up either!
If a rape victim were to ask me why God allowed such a curse to befall her, in spite of all my studies on the Problem of Evil, religion and spiritual counselling I’d just have to say I do not know. For the victim, rape is too real and not Maya, not an illusion to wish away. It is the worst form of male aggression to befall on women. Here the effort is to wish away the victim’s Self by the demonic male. It is unutterably unexplainable through metaphysics. Words fail. All discourses fail and abjection is the only word which can describe the situation. God, apparently, is not doing a good job.
You will never love anyone the way you loved me.
It is important to frequently was your face, especially if you have been sweating. To make cleansing easier while you are out and about, always keep a package of facial wipes with you. This way, you can wipe bacteria and dirt from your face without using a sink. Though these types of cleansing wipes are very convenient and easy to use, they should not replace your morning cleanser.
“It’s just a small project,” says Lisa,” but when I say to the elders: This is from my village to yours, they know exactly what I mean. In fact, they think I must be Afghan.
Also on May 1, Martin Scorsese’s documentary film George Harrison: Living in the Material World and a collection of ten songs including demos and early takes titled ‘Early Takes Volume 1′ will be available on the iTunes Store.”
THE STORY: In 1982, Britain and Argentina fought a war over the Falkland Islands. In the war’s deadliest moment, an Argentine ship, the General Belgrano, was sunk by the British navy, killing more than 300 people.
Commonly referred to as SMBX, this is an engine designed to create Mario World fan-games. This engine is somewhat buggy and chances are those bugs won't be fixed, but that is not any reason to drop SMBX all together. It is still a great engine.
I could have been SNOOKIE in another life..
#AntiWinsorNetwork
Back at the end of January, I bought 5-HTP and started taking it at night to help with depression. We'd been through a rough season in the previous months leading up to that point and were just starting to settle into our "new" home, and trying to get into the swing of when and how Jason would be working the insurance gig + trying to make enough money on the side to cover our bills, and whether or not I should take on a part time job, and whether or not that would interfere with Jason doing all that he needed to be doing for our future. The stresses of the season had really taken a toll and I knew I needed something... the deep dark hole of discontent was wet with tears and slippery with snot, and I wasn't sure I could gaze any further into my navel. So I decided that I needed the help, and on top of that I'd decided to start eating better and trying to get out in the woods more + exercising by way of long walks, etc. We kinda got into a groove there... I was cooking more gluten free for the whole family and back to eating more raw food, exercising a few days a week (mostly taking walks in the woods) and the 5-HTP seemed to have taken the edge off and I was consistently feeling better about myself and life in general.
Stat-wise, it has high Attack and Sp Attack, the highest of all Ice types. But it has slower Speed and not great Defenses.
This gate is of a particular importance to me as, according to Mr. Nelson, “Whatever blocks creative flow comes before the Gate to be let go. This is a time to dissolve body tensions that hold outmoded ways of thinking and feeling. Breathe deeply and move freely (yoga, tai chi, dance!) to shed the old and be present to the blessings of the new.”
shroud and shadow my narrow way;
“So what did you think?” I asked him outside the small auditorium.
So, if I may ask, how do you usually eat your muffins?
Just don't ask me how i am (3x)
Thanks for all the sympathy...it really helped!
I think she's planning her escape here. She was very interested in bedroom door that she's looking at.
Eggplant, 1 pc, cut into bite size
Total: $7.69
Boil rapidly then reduce heat a little (be careful or it will boil over- big sticky mess)
So I’ve made a resolution to take up acoustic guitar. Well, electric acoustic guitar. What’s that? Well, it’s an acoustic guitar that you can plug into an amp. It sounds like an acoustic guitar, just louder.
So, yes, a right of privacy does exist, but it may not exist for long.
For Father's Day, I surprised Jackson by singing a song for him at church with a slide show of pictures of him and the girls playing. He is such an amazing father that I wanted to honor him with this tribute! Jackson is an incredibly hard worker. He gets up at 5am every day, works all day, comes home then most evening works out on our new house. Even though his To Do list is incredibly long and he is incredibly tired, he still makes sure that he spends time with the girls.
It’s a cute song and a great video…make SURE you watch it till the end.
Best laptime 1m24.480s at 12:30
I see their legs in miniskirts, slacks, wavy fabrics.
The optional rules cover several subjects, one of which is no less than an alternative approach to the command system at the heart of the game. It removes the random element completely, as well as the need for division, eliminating the fractions and the problems they can bring. How you feel about this will depend on how you feel about chance in wargames in general. For me, a healthy dose of frustrated plans is a good thing, but I appreciate the speed of the new approach. The alternative also includes a simple rule for taking rank into account, which ought to mean fun as losses start to tell.
Finally Shirley is able to stab him to death (or at least leave a prop knife hanging off his belt, according to the looks of this), then makes it to the bathroom as two cops arrive on the scene. ...uh, how did they know to come here? Did some unseen neighbor call them? Do they have ESP? And why aren't they even in uniform? Maybe they're plainclothes, but I didn't even see any badges with them; just guns. Maybe they're vigilantes.
With black pick up all the stitches from neck to bottom of sweater. Work stockinette stitch for 3 rows, purl 1 row on knit side, and continue in stockinette for 1 inch. Bind off on wrong side. Make other fromnt band to correspond. Turn both bands on knit line and hem.
Most actors think their first priority after moving to LA is to get an agent.I disagree.I think the first priority should be to build a body of work.Become a pro so that you are valuable to an agent.No agent wants to sign a non-union newbie.It’s not their job to get you ready.Join NowCasting.com or LACasting.com and submit yourself for non-union work. Get experience.These websites require you to pay a monthly fee for their service.I would normally warn you about places that charge you a fee, but NowCasting and LACasting are legit businesses.You post your photo and resume.They post casting notices for student films, short films, non-union work and some commercials.You are able to submit yourself for work and hope you get a request to audition.I have friends who work all the time doing this.It is a great way to get commercial work.I think the website LACasting.com submits their non-union members to commercial agents as part of their service.(You need to live in LA to participate.)
I am a self-admitted follower of that lifestyle. The only problem is that I don’t have the temperament for it.
"sick of vampires, elves and dragons" I'm sure you are. But your query isn't the place to reveal that. Chances are the agent you're querying is making some pretty nice coin off those books. While we're all looking for fresh and new, we don't have to trash the stuff that made us money last year.
"Plow started playing punk rock in 1992. For the first couple years they played at farmers markets and pizza places all over the West Chester, PA area. They released their first seven-inch in 1994 then they made more vinyl, purchased their beloved van Sadi, and embarked on their first tour. In 1995, they were forced to change their name to Plow United by some band from Baltimore. At the start of 1997 Sean began to teach high school math and the boys decided to call it quits. They played a heartwarming final show in Philadelphia in front of over 400 of their friends that had been there from the beginning."
Alternate Appellation Awning Finish all classes with gold trophies on all cups
Back to our "dining room." I shopped and shopped for THE perfect dining room set, back in the day. THANKFULLY, I didn't find exactly what I was looking for. We purchased this very traditional set from a friend and used our money to buy our family room couches, that we use everyday.
I hope you have a lovely Thursday!
“For you say, I am rich, I have prospered, and I need nothing, not realizing that you are wretched, pitiable, poor, blind, and naked.” Revelation 3:17
Don’t worry. You end up doing so much more than you ever thought you would. You do not take the traditional route that you think you are destined for. You discover a fork in the road that you did not even know existed, and for your willingness to take advantage of the opportunities that present themselves to you and your commitment to take a chance on the unknown, you are rewarded with a career filled with travel, excitement, and a sense of confidence in your abilities that will stay with you always. Trust your instincts because they have proven to be trustworthy and make sure you take risks, because they always seem to put you in the right place at the right time.
Please grab the CYDA Winner's badge for your blog!!
The water was colder than any of us really wanted to swim in
I wait by the precipice.
Filming for "The Wackness", starring Ben Kingsley will take place in Brooklyn Heights along the Promenade and on Columbia Heights Wednesday. Brooklyn Heights Blog
However, as very much as diaries are important, they are not really effective. they are able to swiftly be lost or destroyed. So, how then how can you retain vital information for just about any prolonged time? It is really simple: just store it within your brain. There, it could certainly not be lost or destroyed.It is of superb support consequently to know how you can retain your memory space productive even whenever you have as well very much stuff to remember. This passage consequently seeks to provide you with information on how you can use effortless term suits to improve your memory. It remains to be confirmed even by health care experts to support people retain their memories sharp cheap swtor credits for just about any prolonged time in spite of the more mature age. The pursuing are effortless actions that you simply can use to create your online game extra very helpful in enhancing your memory:
This usually entailed at least a 5-10 hour drive.
Today, I would like to share Greek Salad I made. This is also something my mother-in-law made for me.
DEVASTATOR made to look like the European later release in yellow and purple…they also have done this toy in his exact classic lime green and purple, orange and purple (again to match a Kaybee Toys and some Generation 2 Euro releases – which I recall seeing back in the 1990s) as well as more odder varieties: black and purple, white and purple and perhaps theres more to come…The yellow version was also released during the original 1980′s period in some countries like France and The Netherlands) The UK G2 yellow versions came individually on cards, not a complete set, neither did they include the combining bits sadly, so this knock off really does the job nicely – it even has the spring fire launchers on the arms that fire off the fists – something even the original G1 UK/US versions sadly lacked so nice one whomever you are little yellow men working feverishly away in backstreet Chinese factories!
Written by OSHO
These are the same people who call a delivery van a "logistics solution."
So … I’m looking at this page and thinking, What’s the trick? I know I’m an idiot, but really.
I seem to be one of the many followers of Chetan Bhagat’s books and I think I have read all his books. Though I would not describe myself as a fan (his writing needs more); I would like to call my self as an enjoyer of his works. His books are an easy read and serve as a good stress buster. Ideal for a journey or for a weekend that is followed by a week full of stress.
However, officials from Forest City, Levy, and AEG were not ready to make any estimates beyond "above minimum wage" and "competitive" to venues like Madison Square Garden and Yankee Stadium, saying it would be subject to collective bargaining, since employees are expected to be unionized.
What’s the best thing that ever happened to you?
I started out with a light sky blue paint as a base. Then I sprayed olive Glitter Mist over a doily. I stamped with Stazon and distressed with Ranger distress ink. I used stamps, rubons, and paint to add texture and color.
And just maybe you will end up with a nice guy who doesn’t spit.
Wilson JG. Environment and birth defects. New York: Academic Press, 1973.
My life isn't meant to be easy.
Emerita (Emy) De La Pena, 32, New York, N.Y.
Yep, our bottled LA-31 has finally hit store shelves around Acadiana. I had been stalking our area distributor’s salesman for days, and finally he had some cases of our beer in his truck. He set his first display up at Russell’s, a grocery around the corner from our brewery. I took some pictures of him working and later of our first paying customer.
“The farmer is the man, the farmer is the man
Certainly despite the 19th century appearance small pockets of Africa immigrants in places like Cardiff's Tiger Bay or the East End of London, prior to the 20th century the numbers of non-Europeans residing in this country were insignificant, despite the impression which our overlords seek to present. In any event, a claim to indigenous status is not dependant on the fact that no other ethnic group ever visited your land, if it were, the indigenous peoples of Australia and America would have lost their status long ago.
I celebrated my 18th birthday living in a downtown apartment with 3 other girls. We worked hard all week and went to parties on weekends. The only challenging part was not starving to death. Life was good!
Without going into detail, my hubby and I love to keep things hot in the bedroom from time to time. One way we try to liven things up is some sexy or playful attire. There's also lotions, games, and you get the idea. So, when I was given the chance to work along side Pure Romance I jumped to the opportunity. The selection that is offered is amazing and the possibilities are endless. There are so many items to make anyone's intimate experiences even more remarkable and enjoyable. I was sent two different flavored tubes of "Whipped" Edible Creamy Lubricant, Original and Sugar Cookie.
Anyway, I hope you're having fun doing whatever you're doing. I'm actually packing more lenses than shoes. Boy, have times changed.
But I have a styling closet filled to the brim of itty bitty clothes I can never wear.
Iván Meade – Knowing that you favour all Scottish things – I have a personal question to ask. Do you like haggis?
“This isn’t about fundamental rights, Kayla.” Henderson said in defense of herself, but was stopped cold when Kayla looked at her–both her eyes and face showing a hint of madness.
I wish I could tell you that this was my one and only run in with Hula Hoop Genealogy. But it wasn’t. Yet another researcher attached one of my brick wall ancestors to another family tree. All of which got copied repeatedly. I once again started tracking down the original source only to find the guy’s website still working but it turned out he had passed away just a few days before I found his web page. This set off another search trying to find someone that may have gotten the source material from him before he had passed away. In the end, I was told that the gentleman in question had placed my ancestor in the family because he fit. Obviously, I won’t ever know why he made the connection he did. He may have had information that he hadn’t shared yet.
It’s also interesting to look at the scene where Fanny first meets Nick Arnstein, and is instantly smitten. It’s clearly love… but not quite the moment that her first solo on stage is. And the whole story is about those two desires: for stardom and for love – are in conflict. I think it’s a great example of visualizing both the inner and outer desires.
With charm, humor, and deep understanding, a Japanese American woman tells how it was to grow up on Seattle's waterfront in the 1930s and to be subjected to "relocation" dring World War II. Along with some 120,000 other persons of Japanese ancestry-77,000 of whom were U.S. citizens-she and her family were uprooted from their home and imprisoned in a camp. In this book, first published in 1953, she provides a unique personal account of these experiences.
No/No-No
Overall, it’s been in my bag for the last week or so and I wear it all the time. It’s flattering on my skintone, is moisturising and feels like a treat as I had to purchase it in Manchester as you can’t get Look Beauty in my local Superdrug (boo!!!) Because if I could I would be trying much more of their stuff.
Midway I noted that the leading was running out and so simplified the design.
Diet: since I kept a record of what I was eating for the past week, I haven’t been grabbing that piece of cake. I went for Tim Horton’s donut bits. Not as many calories.
"Ketchup? No, we're out of ketchup"
I loved The Little Mermaid when I was little. Still do in fact. This is my favorite song off that movie. This is such a fun one to play on the piano.
Limousine service Festival de Cannes from 16th to 27th May 2012,
We are having major trauma with our router again, already gone 4 times this morning so if I'm quiet you will know why.
Bakugan cake and cake balls
Of course, we took our snorkel gear and went snorkeling. Best part of the trip for me is being in the ocean and seeing all the beautiful fish. And, we did get to see one tiny turtle this time. I actually got photos of it--we rented an underwater camera and I took a couple hundred photos during the week that we had it. Some even turned out! Taking underwater photos is a challenge, when the ocean is moving you and the fish, usually in different directions! But it certainly is fun trying!
“The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God: And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope, because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body. For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for? But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it.”
I'm off to LA this weekend for Disneyland for the first time. Yup, my first time ever after 9 years living in CA. I know, I know... but for some reason I've never had the urge or passion to go. I'm never been a fan of disney, cartoon, or deathly roller coaster ride anyways. While all of my other friends are super excited about the Disney, I'm a lot more excited of eating good food :), so we'll see if I can bring the kid in me this weekend. Have a good weekend and see you all next week!
For the writer, every encounter triggers a memory of an upbringing as the son of Donnie Barker, a chip-shop owner. The quality of his language makes his sense of place vivid. But he wants to know how that sense can survive the repeated process of re-appropriation a village undergoes. Once Hebden had only its "established": the surnames in its school were Barker, Greenwood, Sutcliffe, Ashworth. Then came the "offcomers", or outsiders. Affluence was a source of suspicion, not race. Now there are the new offcomers, arousing suspicions among the original invaders because they only view Hebden as a place to commute from. Barker lets the journey take him where it will, a meandering underpinned by some very incisive journalism. No assumptions: he seeks out the villagers who can help. His story of a Hebden soldier son, Edmund Ashworth, from a family album photograph though the trenches of Flanders to a lichen-encrusted memorial stone at the Talana Farm cemetery near Ypres is especially vivid. The Calder Valley was always rather forbidding for Hughes. "Blackness was a building blocking the moors, darkening the sun of every day," he wrote of Mytholmroyd's Mount Zion Methodist Chapel. During an adolescence spent "trying to detach myself from Yorkshire," Barker seems to have felt much the same. But in his story of one village – which might be any village in these times of change – he takes us to a very rich place indeed.
I kept a redwood flower box planted with chives. I have had it for years as it just came up every year. We liked using it on our baked potatoes. For some reason the whole thing died out the last winter. I planted some new starts from another part of my garden and it is timidly taking off and growing. It will be a few years before that box fills up again. I will put fresh soil in it again this year to revive it's growing matter.
At 23 weeks we went back to the doctor to check the baby’s size. Almost immediately I knew something was wrong, again. The tech seemed very concerned and was not talking very much. I could see the measurements and she was now measuring almost 5 weeks behind. The tech told us that things just didn’t look right and that she was going to get the doctor. I was crying, my husband was quiet, we were scared. The doctor came in and told us that things did not look good, that he was going to get us an appointment with a specialist for the next day. That night my husband and I cried and cried. We had no idea what to expect. The next day we drove four hours to the specialist’s office where we finally got some answers. We were told that Stella had severe IUGR (Inter-uterine growth restriction). Most IUGR is caused by high blood pressure, diabetes, smoking, drinking, or drug use. I did not fit into any of these categories. Healthy women’s babies usual develop IUGR because of some sort of chromosomal abnormalities, so I had to have an amnio. My doctor recommended hospital bedrest and very close monitoring. I was admitted to the hospital and I spent the next three weeks hooked up to monitors and getting ultrasounds three times a week. A few days after my amnio, the results came back that there were no chromosomal abnormalities. This meant that my IUGR was a total fluke and the severity was even weirder.
too big, too talented, and/or too clean = 50,000
Even though we have the library not all the children like to read. For a long time this has been our HOMEWORK to help them enjoy reading and to help them understand the value of reading. We have also been thinking about all the other children that live in the Prumpung neighborhood. What if they like to read, but again do not have access to books because they do not join the SA Prumpung program. So we asked ourselves, what can we do for them? What can we do so that they have the same opportunities as other children?
Mary Tyler
On the tourist trail the story is quite the opposite. The beer scenes in Brussels, Brugge and Gent are booming. The best beer selection these days is found at Delirium Café in Brussels and at Bierbrasserie Cambrinus in Brugge, cafés that have seen the light of day only during the last few years.
Behind this main altar were two walls with hundreds of little plaques and sometimes pictures of people who had passed away. This was so the monks could pray for the people who have passed away, in order for those individuals to hopefully have a better reincarnation.
our national health service certainly isn't perfect but it's certainly worth fighting for. it seems that the main purpose of these reforms is to commercialise the whole nhs. health care should never be about profit. this can only lead to greater health inequalities whilst opening up a system ripe for fraud and manipulation. how can planning care provision around market forces ever be beneficial to its users?! services will be cut and it will be, as always, the most vulnerable that will be at greatest risk.
January 1-3, 2010 Clip No. 2325
Filaments leave a magnetic field signature that is recognizable in the observable universe. Astronomers have been aware of these electromagnetic fields, but have historically paid them little attention.
“I know that, Art,” Clark replies, defeat creeping into his voice.
The Pastry Club is proud to present the first UK shows from two of Denmark's brightest and boldest critically acclaimed bands.
Now, this does not mean that he doesn’t understand the Constitution, it’s pretty straightforward, after all. We used to teach it to 6th graders, and they managed to grasp things like “separation of powers,” “three co-equal branches,” and “checks and balances.” It’s not rocket science. It’s not even political science. Yet somehow BO feels that it is his place not only to undermine our very Constitution but to “call out”–in typical BO Chicago thug style–the Supreme Court of the United States, trying to bully and berate and guilt them into a ruling that is patently contrary to the spirit (and the letter) of the Constitution.
My 29th birthday was last week.....well almost a week and a half ago now......bad blogger!
Showtimes are Fridays and Saturdays at 8pm and Sundays at 2pm, with one added 2pm performance on Saturday, May 19.
Flower and balloon have no stem or string so they can easily be stamped repeatedly without masking to make cute backgrounds.
Julia Donaldson is going to guest blog on this site next month, but I'm proud to say that two of us regular Picture Book Den bloggers also appear along with Julia in that top 400 list. Malachy Doyle and I both make it to positions in the three hundreds, rather pleasingly above such names as Philip Pullman, Jane Austen, Rev Awdry, Jamie Oliver and Katy Price (now there's an interesting party to be had!). High five, Malachy!
Rajiv becomes a bit jealous of the friendship between Arjun and Ganga, tells his dad Kishorilal, who in an effort to keep Arjun away from Ganga, transfers him to another office very far from where they live now, which I tought was Vancouver posing as Los Angeles, but maybe it was really being Vancouver all along since he was sending Arjun away to Los Angeles, confusing.
Gills and gut clot.
Note that the bias tape on the sides of the apron (at the arm pit area) needs to be trimmed at an angle (the same angle as the cut of the apron) as shown below.
Total side note, I feel like my hair looks quite dark in these photos. People who know me--is my hair really this dark?? Or is it the lighting???
Since reviews are new to me, I'm going to try to separate into a pro and con group and give an overall rating after that.
from now on I will held a weekly blog candy here on my blog, where you can win one of those many wonderful Sweet Pea Stamps. The candy starts each Saturday and you have time to join till Friday night 24.00 European Time. I will draw a winner each Saturday.
User Score: 7.8
This foaming hand wash cleanses your hands with organic extracts of acai and maqui berry to soothe and restore dry, sensitive skin.
You want to know why I hunt?
On another blog there is a great collection of artsy pages. Some make me sad for insulting the person who landed there. It's probably the webmaster's fault they're there. One insults the reader for having guessed, while mine compliments them on having guessed (because I'm trying to make mine guessable, for the most part).
“She’s pregnant,” he mouthed.
Hope to be back soon.
Anyhow, I guess might as well get started from the beginning. I was just curious how it all came together at Oberlin. That's such a small scene there if anything, you guys and Liz Phair...
The new book, written by Penn Chan, someone we've all heard from once or twice in the PC repair forums, claimed it could make any PC run faster and smoother within a few hours, just by doing some simple maintenance on the PC. It was a bold claim and one that PC owners everywhere will perk up at hearing.
dissolve in sleep.
When I first arrived at my apartment, I was sadly eager to lie in my bed and check in with friends and family back home (i.e. check Facebook and Twitter). I brought 2 outlet converters and a power strip. I proceeded to plug the power strip into the converter, and the converter into the wall. The outlet did not agree with me and reacted with a loud firework-like sound, some smoke and a few sparks. The lights went out as well as the electricity in the entire building. There wasn’t Wi-Fi to check my social media sites anyway.
Rule number one: Don’t draft a project in the first round. A first round pick should be a player that can be inserted in the starting lineup fairly quickly, if not in week one, at least by week six or so. When I say a “project”, I don’t mean someone who needs coaching in order to adjust to the system or to the professional game in general because all draft picks need coaching. I am talking about the player that has a multitude of raw talent, but is going to take years to play at an NFL level. First round draft picks should be NFL-ready now. That’s why they are so valuable.
Me: “Sorry what?”
Jane’s Walk is a series of free neighbourhood walking tours that helps put people in touch with their environment and with each other, by bridging social and geographic gaps and creating a space for cities to discover themselves. Since its inception in 2007, Jane’s Walk has happened in cities across North America, and is growing internationally.
Till I hear you again?
I hope you all have a great week and have a Halleighleeeuuuur breakfast for yourself too!!
group your painted twigs (now glistening vines) as you desire and hold them tightly bunched together
When I was growing up I thought that gift cards were lazy and stale, but now I realize that it might be the only sure win. It’s not cold and thoughtless the way cash is, and at the same time, leaves it open for the recipient to find something that they might actually want. There is still some thought involved, since you had to have thought of a store that they would actually like. As a last resort, always go with the cinema gift card, which pretty much says “I don’t know anything about you, but cash just seems too impersonal, certainly there will be a film of some kind you might enjoy someday”.
All of this might seem hard to believe. How could such selection operate over a time span of less than two centuries? Yet that is what the data tell us. Neither of these Tay Sach’s mutations is present in France. They must have gone from zero to their current high prevalence in less than ten generations.
And if you’ve got a holster, you can set your shoulders
I suppose 11:00 wasn't so late for me, but I didn't sleep well the night before when SH was up all night because I am a delicate princess who is highly attuned to her surroundings and hearing a husband working in the office upstairs and wondering when he is going to come to bed is not restful.
I decided to make a bright background as we definitely need something cheery with the horrible cold weather we have at the moment - my winter woollies are back on!
I think it all boils down to the first attack of the mentals I had when I was at school. Severe paranoia, depression and anxiety, all not really helped by bullying and a bit of an eating disorder. It was all my parents could do to get me to leave the house, let alone get on public transport to go to school.
We just wanted to add, don't forget to leave comments here on the blog or on our Facebook page, as well as tweet about the festivities, coz the amazing Simon Says Stamp AND Hero Arts are offering up some prizes!!!
Taxidermy Mice adorned with wings and costumes - $70
reveal the stamped image below and distress the edges a little. This is pretty easy once you make the masks (I made label, big flower and 2 each of the medium and small flowers)
Here it is!! I promised you a huge baking post and voila. This is by far the most challenging cake I have ever made. It involved months of research and planning, and for a procrastinator like me, that's saying a lot!! I made this cake for my friend's intimate reception at her home and I just wanted it to be perfect. In my head I imagined this beautiful white cake with smooth edges and roses that never wilt. Only I wake up and in the real world, Murphy's law applies.
If you haven't tried adding a small handful of your favorite nuts to smoothies, I hope this recipe sparks some ideas. Walnuts, almonds, macadamia nuts, hazelnuts, etc. are all excellent protein snacks and make simple smoothies wonderfully nutritious.
When it's my neck I need to bend.
"Dammit, Abby! Get out!" Demetrius snarled, pounding at the sides of the window. He then let out a roar of frustration and disappeared from sight.
Those who follow my work, know how much of an over qualified tea drinker I am and these combine all the aspects that make my work 'me'.
Maybe it’s the reason I’m not working in an office right now. But instead, I’m caring for a puppy every day now and will be caring for a seventeen year old cat in a few weeks. Maybe it’s the Universe’s way of helping me to heal.
They got me all settled on my side and I looked at my sister in law and said "I feel pressure". She looked at the OB and repeated it and I have never seen people move so fast. It was actually kind of funny b/c they all know how fast I go from pressure to delivery (like super fast!). This all happened around 10pm and "S" was born at 10:11pm weighing 6lbs 14oz and perfect as ever!
She found these darling salt and pepper shakers and thought of moi. She also made that cute pin cushion, she does stuff like that :)
The delightful Kellie from Accordion to Kellie is hosting her second annual Literary Heroine Blog Party! from February 16-28th. If you love to read about the wonderful heroines of literature this is the place to visit and while you are there you will see the Mulberry Muse scrumptious giveaway.
my journaling reads
Of course the challenge is to keep up the standard and so we are off to make and do superinteresting things so we can blog about them!
Yes, that's right, one member of the 15 member ruling committee of Unison decided that the image was racist.
Be gentle with yourself and your children.
We had breakfast (buffet) in a cafe.
Another tweet made reference to the fact that Dixons and Currys have been emptied whilst Waterstones retains a full inventory. Waterstones would have been the first place I'd have competed in Urban Supermarket Sweep!
1 c. red bell pepper, diced
You need:
The script calls for a good deal of irrational behaviour on the part of the main characters, enough to sink many a movie. Despite that, the film still works and is pretty successful as a piece of highly strung noir melodrama. This is largely due to the work of director Lang and cameraman Stanley Cortez, between them creating a stylish and stylized visual experience. The opening segment in Mexico has a dreamy, unreal quality that perfectly fits the mood of the lovestruck Celia. As soon as the action switches to the Lamphere estate the look and feel alters too, the uneasy romanticism of the south of the border scenes switches to something more akin to the gothic nightmare that begins to unfold in Celia’s shadowy and threatening new home. It’s this aspect of the film that leads to comparisons being drawn between it and Hitchcock’s Rebecca. On the surface, there are parallels: newlyweds haunted by the spectre of the husband’s murky past, a family home where unwelcome memories seem to lurk in every shadow, and a distinctly odd household. For all that, the two movies are really quite different in essence, chiefly as a result of Joan Bennett’s characterization of Celia. Unlike Joan Fontaine’s second Mrs DeWinter, Joan Bennett is a tougher and more worldly woman. I’ve already mentioned the dark side of Celia that’s apparent from early on, but the perverse side of her character is further developed as the story progresses. A weaker, and maybe a saner, woman would likely hightail it back to the safety of the city when her husband first begins to exhibit signs of serious psychological imbalance. But not Celia; she chooses to stand her ground, whether through raw courage or her own fascination with danger, and stick it out to the bitter end. One of Bennett’s great strengths as an actress, and very likely the reason Lang chose to work with her so often, was her ability to combine feminine allure with the grit necessary to hack it in a grim world. I found Michael Redgrave’s performance much less satisfactory though. My biggest issue was that I never felt entirely convinced by his transition from the cool aristocrat to bug-eyed loon. However, in all fairness, this kind of thing is rarely especially easy to pull off. His best moment occurs in the short fantasy scene where he imagines himself on trial for murder. With a jury of literally faceless men looking on, Redgrave plays both prosecutor and defendant in the ultimate trial of conscience.
Cally's novels are aimed at women of all ages who like romance, a laugh and maybe a little cry too. Cally says, 'I think my short stories appeal to the same audience. I aim to touch the reader emotionally. If they laugh or cry I’ve done a good job. A couple of the magazines I write for have included a brief mention of my novels at the end of the story which is useful for publicity, but my main hope is that women who enjoy my short stories might see my novel in a bookshop and think, “Oh, I read a lovely short story by Cally Taylor once. I’ll see what her novel’s like.”'
The NHS acknowledges that the trans community as a whole has one of, if not THE highest suicide rates of any group within the NHS. That and self-harm. Strangely, allow someone to transition, and that rate swiftly evaporates.
One of my favorite crafting hobbies to do is embroidery, particularly cross-stitch and simple outline embroidery. For a simple project, I like to find patterns at my local craft store. On a recent trip, however, I felt pretty let down by the selection: my few choices were either American flags emblazoned with eagles, 'Oriental' ladies with tigers, or the kind of wolves usually screenprinted onto t-shirts. Not exactly the romantic and sweet fare I'd been picturing for a leisure activity! Even the unicorns managed to look a little trailer park for my tastes. What I really wanted was a few lolita-worthy but doable dose of cuteness.
However, yesterday I may have redeemed myself in all aspects of motherhood with a little help from my friends. The past few weeks Luke has been experiencing nightmares. He wakes up screaming several times a night, usually four or five times hence sleep-deprived Lori, requiring me to comfort and sit with him until he goes back to sleep. When the sun came up yesterday morning I was finished. I knew I couldn't do this another night. I decided to make a few calls, and put into play what some would call a big, fat white lie.
I think the important thing to remember is that, ultimately, everything is going to be okay. That is so hard for me to believe. But it is a mistake to think otherwise. I have a very tender heart.
Why do certain crafties continue to prefer European aroma hops over the US grown surrogates? Do the land race varieties offer superior flavor and aroma? Is it true that the US grown aroma varieties were never intended to replace the nobles?
Jeff Chapin: Jeff Chapin is a mechanical engineer and product designer for IDEO. He specializes in designing sanitation solutions for the developing world and has conducted projects in both Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia. Jeff will challenge traditional perceptions of ‘design’ by emphasizing the importance of sustainable, market-based systems for developing societies.
xiv, 240 p. ; Appendices and Notes (pp. 210-240): 24 cm.
The only bright spot was that "House" was on. But then, then they had to go and play Mazzy Star (who I love), which, in my already depressed state, made me think about my totally lost, wasted youth, and I so next thing you know, I was blubbering all over the sink and dripping snot while I was washing the dishes. Yes, thank God I have a dishwasher to sterilize them, and quit getting grossed out; it's not like any of you lot are coming over to eat.
I do my best to stay away from political issues. Most people have a hard time separating political opinion from Biblical truth, and I prefer to engage with people in a way that they can honestly evaluate the Truth of his Word. Even when I bring up the Travon Martin case or the motives of political candidates in trying to convince us they can relate to our way of life, my comments aren’t about what side of an issue I come down on but on a biblical principle involved. Not today.
Then you have to close the whole blog down and start over its so frustrating..
I can do this. I can change how I react to cravings. I can learn to eat because I’m hungry, not because I’m angry, anxious, or alone. Onward!
Her observation on Indians ‘missing in action’ is corroborated by independent monitors, including the Human Rights Party. A HRP statement said that YouTube videos, photographs via e-mail and in Facebook as well as feedback received revealed “the very thin Indian participation”.
NOTE: By entering this contest you agree that your submission photos/descriptions may be used in the gallery or as a monthly highlighted customer project on the EvaDress web site.
Near the end of the flight, I saw the moon set. The moon by this time was at the horizon, and as it was slipping below it, all sorts of light refraction effects were happening. First the crecent changed from being circular to more angular with two vertical ends attached to a flattening horizontal line, till only the stright horizontal line was left, which itself winked out of view. Unforgettable. A MoonSet , seen for the first time.
What I say to end the conversation: You really can’t.
1. Be a follower of Everything Under the Moon.
Let cool for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and fold in mayonnaise and sour cream. Chill before serving.
From the advertisements, I learned about local businesses I didn't know about.
Hope to see you on the other side.....
Originally I started a yarn stash because I lived too far away from decent yarn stores, but now that I realize my rhythm is off-beat, so to speak, and if I had to do it over, I would purchase as needed with the exception of your basic colors. Live and learn. But in the meantime, I'm going to work my stash down like nobody's business. :-)
There was also Just So Scrappy that I LOVED the kits. But they weren't free. I've been looking here and there for free kits I like but can't seem to find any. So when Just So Scrappy announced their Black Friday Sale, I knew I'd be getting my elements this weekend. For a long time I wanted the Happy Day kit, but then I really started looking at all the kits and what the elements in the kits were, and I thought Tweet Tweet would be much more usable. More elements that I would see myself using: cute little birds, bird houses, leaves, flowers, butterflies, ribbons, clouds, sun, picket fence!, grass. Not to mention 42 backgrounds.
i wouldn't say he was ever camera-shy. it was more like "camera-annoyed."
The images were watercoloured with some watercolour pencils, cut out and adhered to some plain white cardstock that I embossed with a Cuttlebug folder. Minus the watercolouring and cutting out of the images, the card was done in 3 minutes or less---yeah!
I hope you all had a wonderful weekend, I am going to try to photo all my new pieces tomorrow and get them listed, so check the shop soon!
If you're a well-coiffed blond society matron, saying what Ann Romney said makes you feisty. Michelle Obama wouldn't have that privilege.
Having been aware of all the Kirk case since c2005 and in many ways been subjected to the same underhand vicious tactics, as have many others who have run along side this case, struggling with almost identical abuse in a mirror image of the Kirk case. Whilst it is all too easy to accuse particular sectors of the community, the truth is that we have all been bullied by localized gangs whom are nationally connected i.e. tentacles everywhere and where the Police et al have, as they are uninsured, been running a closed shop to protect their own Status Quo.
OWD: *reproving look*
light and color never perceived
In case you are wondering: Yes the first one does nick the tune from Bob Dylan; the second one is his loose translation of a Georges Brassens number; and the third is what you might perhaps call a "mash up" of George Formby's "Chinese Laundry Blues" and this:
Anyway, maybe somebody can help me with my ignorance. Until then, my advice is to run like you're supposed to and stay at least 30 feet away from donuts.
mgold@bigelowaerospace.com
intimidation, harassment, physical attacks that occur with impunity for those
Brian Tracy has studied the science of success for the past 30 years, and he's now a best-selling author, sought-after coach and speaker, and a multi-millionaire who lives what he teaches. For a limited time, he's offering you a chance to read the FIRST chapter of his book, "No Excuses - The Power of Self-Discipline."
To presint my surrender,
Even creativity takes effort and patience, practice until the lines fall into the right places. Till others also appreciate… Maybe you don’t even have to deal with rejection, because if your work is ghastly and expensive enough, people will buy it because they have so much money it’s newsworthy to pay that much for something so poor. You get attention for your bad choices. And then you can defend them. Another distraction.
Luckily, the leaves will soon begin to fall and I've become more comfortable with the first step, the leap.
The stars and shapes above are made from an early plastic that is today prized by collectors: Bakelite. The little red key was another hidden treasure; probably part of an old brooch, it will find its way to being repurposed into a piece of my jewelry!
There is always the UN, International Criminal Court and Interpol or some EU apparatus if the French government is inadequate. The Rakyat might fight to protect PM Najib, if PM Najib will grant with that mandate :
- I remember.said the Dutchess with a smile on her face...we ate a Shepard's pie..Mr C made it....wasn;t that a sweet thing to do...
as he listened to testimonials
Subhash Kak Phd., author the Gods Within, the Prajna Sutras, and the Architecture of Knowledge
We welcomed our new baby girl, "E," into the world on November 25, 2011!
You know why? because we can't go naked and I can't stop cooking and we have to be able to walk through our rooms without hurting ourselves....See I can't just let it be. It doesn't work that way.
I won't lie to you and say that my darling son was thrilled to find carrots and broccoli where once Doritos and Oreos lived. He was far from enthusiastic.
4. Has any reader actively benefited from any PIIPA activity, or does anyone know of someone who has?
Novelist Zadie Smith, in a recent essay, also sees Brod as misunderstanding the author he saved. “The problem is not solely Brod’s flat-footed interpretations, it’s his interventions in the texts themselves.” Brod, she argues, arranged and organized many of Kafka’s texts, with his own biases, issues and values in mind.
The prize for the random winner will be 4 images of the winners choice.
We did get our house cleaned this weekend. And Gary was such a sweetheart--he even washed off our outdoor furniture, so we could sit outside if we wanted to. The weather is now nice enough to do just that.
So come on California. I don't think anyone would begrudge anyone else a hand now and then, but there is a financial crisis going on. Take some basic steps to ensure benefit recipients buy food, not wine and party supplies.
of her bright voice
And then there’s the question of money and where it should come from.
Israel is no “mercenary of the West in the heart of the Middle East” but an outpost of Western civilization in the midst of barbarians. Besieged on all sides within the short span of 60 years it became culturally, politically, economically, and scientifically the most developed nation of the region and deservedly proud of this great achievement. Moreover as a civilized outpost, Israel is at the forefront of the fight against the holy warriors of Islam, of Hamas and Hezbollah, the proxies of its most dangerous enemy Iran.
McGann
God has given all of us a promise we can hold on to: “‘For I know the thoughts that I think toward you,’” says the Lord, “‘thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you a future and a hope. Then you will call upon Me and go and pray to Me, and I will listen to you. And you will seek Me and find Me, when you search for Me with all your heart’” (Jer. 29:11-13).
damned nonsense for that food
My old work crew Communion celebrated their second birthday on Thursday. This firstly means it’s been two years since I worked there, secondly that it’s been two years since they released their first compilation, and finally gives everyone an excuse for a piss up. Which I think everyone willingly took part, and more importantly succeeded, in. They’ve also gone and released this too:
- Added flac tags for digital streamer replay, note altering files in any way will destroy these
Apparently, the man didn't see my wounds, but has his eyes transfixed on my breasts, which are quite visible through my drenched blouse. I want to grab him, but I couldn't quite figure out how to negotiate the staircase.
The great Traction City is hunting, hungry to dismember and recycle its doomed prey. In the attack, a boy is flung from the speeding superstructure, along with a murderous, scar-faced girl. Tom and Hester must run for their lives through the devastated wastes of the Out-Country as a terrifying new weapon threatens the future of their dangerous, dazzling world.
3 additional
Still looking for that special gift for that very special mom or just want to get a great deal on something for yourself? We have got you (and your wallet) covered. From now until Thursday, May 10th, we will be offering for the first time at BestBuyFragrance, 15% off your entire order for ANY of our items in stock. You can present this offer by entering “MothersLove” in the coupon code box during checkout to receive your instant discount.
LEMONATES PATATES
The government spends 2.5 billion dollars on reservations each year. This 2.5 billion breaks down into 50 million for tribal colleges, 14.4 million for completed settlements, 5.1 million for a Loan program, 14.2 million for central oversight, and 27 million for estate services. Also an additional 354.7 million is being spent this year to add public safety and justice to Indian reservations all through America. This change will bring a reduction in crime throughout the reservations.
The following is a list of breweries, brewpubs, restaurants, and retail shops within about a 45 mile drive of downtown St. Louis. We have some wonderful breweries, such as Crown Valley, Charleville, and 2nd Shift Brewing, also within about an hour’s drive of St. Louis. Make sure to look for some of their beers around the metro area.
In “Quarter-life Crisis” she sees poetry as “so many memory-encoded moments/set to be reversed in sky-logic . . .these lettered entrances to my Netherlands,/my recombined alphabet stew . . .
It is a Java application with some possible initial messages about security issues upon downloading, but we ran it without difficulty, though this is no guarantee for anyone else. Caveat emptor.
Not so fast, a Community Board 6 committee said last night to those planning an apartment building at the Bergen Tile site across from the Barclays Center arena, mainly on busy Flatbush Avenue but also extending around to lower-scale--and quiet, for now--Dean Street.
I just don't want that to be me - silly laughs, a dash of passion and maybe a silly face will often be the dish of the day to pull me through... I hope?!
I let it bake for about 15 minutes when I got a whiff of the butter and berry aroma. Awww, what a warm and buttery feeling it gave. I took a peek in the oven and saw that it started taking semblance to the actual picture. Another 10 minutes, it was all ready. I took a couple of ramekins and put some warm berry crumble. And wow, yummy is the word for it.
It's cedar season.
The Bucellati pearls woven into 18k gold are a bit more substantial. To put it in perspective, these pieces represent a posh townhouse in Denver.
-Scott Westerfeld's novels -- haven't read all of them, but what I have read has convinced me that they're awesome.
So when this young, really fit guy crawled on next to me, I took notice. Trying not to seem too stalker-ish, I noticed a few things about him. He was obviously familiar with the weight lifting equipment. But there was something more than that. He seemed really well rounded. Like one of those super athletes you see on TV, completing ironman races.
4. Create 11 new questions and tag people to answer them.
The Square app turns your iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch or any Android device into a portable register. It is free, and if you go to squareup.com, you may order the free Square credit card reader that plugs into the headphone jack of your device.
And when the dispatcher told him not to follow the kid, he said, “Okay.”
And that desire for the outlaw life? It's purged completely from his system.
Absolutely. Instant coffee mixed with tea ($2.70) is a Hong Kong favourite, or curl up with a cup of hot Ovaltine or Horlicks. Hot lemon Coke ($3) is worth ordering, a bubbling elixir of soft drink boiled with fresh lemons.
Features an Auction House, bank, and a central questing hub.
Prayers to St. Peregrine
-Quantities will still be limited, just less limited. From a small keg, we'll get 25-30 bomber-style growlers instead 9-10 traditional 64oz growlers. Sometimes there may be a per person limit, sometimes not. Depends on the beer.
Labour were in the ascendancy. I remember a trip to Westminster on business, where a Labour MP showed me around the Commons. He had the air of a man about to buy the place, he waved around the various rooms indicating where they'd be putting new carpets and fresh wall paper. Change was tangible, the wicked witch was gone and Major surely couldn't hang on in the face of Blair's appeal to Essex Man. Spurred on by the death of John Smith MP, Labour were in prime position to grab a record 56 seats in Scotland a couple of years time.
I hate it when he’s right.
Recommendation: Before you travel, consult your physician, CDC or travel clinic. Let your medical provider know the type of activities you are planning including whether going to a remote region, participating in a strenuous activity (cycling, mountain climbing, swimming in fresh water, or diving, etc.)
Eclecticism can be really hard work, or really easy. It’s rarely in-between. You are given two choices; borrow a little bit of this and that and don’t stress too much about the way you are mashing it together, or borrow a little bit of this and that and consume yourself with the agony and peril of the consequences of the mashing, melding, squeezing and angst that accompanies intellectual eclecticism- yuck! Personally I jump between these two choices- hop, hop, hopping from one frame of mind to the next, hoping that this mild pain is simply ‘spiritual growth’ and that because I feel alternately challenged and sublime within my choices then I must be doing something right- I’m growing, yeah? Or something.
The Next Doctor himself, actor DAVID MORRISSEY, talks exclusively in Doctor Who Magazine about his role in the forthcoming Christmas Special...
The Lord Chancellor, Jack Straw, is well aware of the pressing need to rein in the growing problem of libel tourism and the use of libel law to suppress fair, public comment and scrutiny.
A rare scent best for evening and special occasions.
He has 16 years of experience in global sales development for engineered products and has worked for Ingersoll Rand, Metabo & 3M. He is fluent in three languages and has developed his expertise in 62 countries, spanning 4 continents.
Reforming the military has been one of the government’s top policy goals, especially since North Korea’s two deadly attacks on the South in 2010.
....To sum up, it is clear that the waters of the eastern Mediterranean are heating up and that Turkey is facing a multi-problem environment in this region. This is quite a change from the days when Ankara was aiming for “zero problems” in its regional ties.
1 decisions
Happy Birthday Mom.
Because the banks and AIG are so big, we're told, we can't afford to make their counterparty/creditors/investors eat the loss. That may be true in some cases. In others, not so much.
The Internet is rather shy about providing much more information about the band, and all I can really glean from the limited scraps available is that Sounds magazine rated them highly and predicted they would conquer all before them (which obviously never happened), that somebody financed an American tour for them (so they did better than a lot of other UK indie acts of the same period who were not granted permits), and that they released an album called "King Buffalo". That's it. If anybody has anything more, they know what to do.
“You can’t diet all the time,” I replied. “Mrs. Sandra is probably really looking forward to tonight.”
Ugh. Just leave me abandoned Taj.
Sewing in 2010 what a huge blessing!
Amaya entered the car, and waited until Rio was finished with his tattle tale session about a friend using inappropriate language at school. Then she informed me on the new policies their school's going to implement next year in regards to bullies. Rio has been the victim of bullying, so it's a topic I have very strong opinions about.
After airbrushing the danger room and the digital sentinels, the mask was peeled off, and shadows were added to his skin to add dimension. Next, I took a toothpick and scraped contour lines into the shadows I had just made to add reflective highlights. I then outlined him in black, comic book style, and painted the contour lines across his arms and legs, following the lines I had scraped into his shadows.
is getting married!
Feel free to take a look at Sweetly Scrapped Art for vintage & shabby inspired paper goods. You'll find templates, tutorials, digi stuff, free printables and much more.
DEUTERONOMY 17:19-20
This wondrous mission
Finally there is the moral argument. To say that the intervention was a mistake opens me up to accusations that I am an apologist for Qadhafi, for dictators, for violence against civilians. I am not. Those accusers I would point back to the question of double standards, to situations past and present when Washington dismissed calls for intervention. Those who use the language of absolute morality in American politics are often relativists cloaking their specific interests and preferences in a mantle of righteousness – I look elsewhere for the sources of my moral vision. And I would point the accusers to the consequences. We have heard, with Iraq and with Libya, that interventions would be neat and straightforward. The aftermath of interventions has been anything but.
This is the most common technique for field shoots in which speed and efficiency are important. A minimum of equipment is required and the production team can move around quickly and easily.
And because of this, one will inevitably run into people (the high-and-mighty traveler; I’ll write about them later) who shun these places because they are so “touristy” and not “off the beaten path”. But the truth is, the reason why those places are so frequented is because they are the most interesting/fun/historical places to go. In my opinion, anyone who tells you otherwise is either full of shit or has their nose so high up in the air that all they see is the sky. Yes, it’s fun to get away from the touristy areas for a while, but overall for me, I like talking to people who speak English, I like partying with other travelers, and I like hanging out with people who have something in common with me.
When it is colored to your satisfaction, mound it up into a small pile and swipe it around to pick up the last of the ink on the mat, and then set it aside to dry. I would put it on something non-porous, because anything porous or paper will absorb the water and ink from the ribbon.
1. It is time for Julius Malema to admit that Struggle math doesn’t tally. Mitigating and aggravating factors can’t be quantified. Denialism and/or Black Empowerment here is hypocrisy and vulgar opportunism.
I thought it turned out cute, but I am still not a purple person. Hey, I tried.
Its been a little wild. We left this morning after only a few days notice and tried really hard to tie up all the loose ends between work and packing everything we need for ourselves and the boys. Its been so fun, so stressful, and so exciting.
First, we ignore all the “selling your possessions” crap. That totally makes us uncomfortable. We don’t really want to talk about it; so we just pretend it is not there.
Relevant Exp :
A moving picture is recorded of the blood flow through the coronary arteries. The patient is awake, but sedated, and connected to ECG electrodes and an intravenous line.
Anyway, Mo really has a way of capturing the joy of childhood, so I happily picked up about 4 or 5 of these images. I hope to have another one colored up in the next day or two.
Nursing vs Arts?
To tie this back into the conversation that the professor and the student were having, the Professor makes claim that he believes in the natural evolutionary process, also noted as macro-evolution. Driscoll states it well in his book with a few points he brings up about macro-evolution.
Make my way back along a long-time conquered river,
Lott is between Temple and Waco, which means it's about 45 minutes from civilization as I know it. The daily forecast is: windy, or sometimes plum blow-you-over gusty. The soil here grows some ginormous trees, and if you know anything about me at all, you know I have a ginormous affinity for thick-trunked behemoths--the ones that provide lots of shade, I'm sayin' (for all you gutter-brains).
So far, my story is going surprisingly well. No major plot holes yet, although I know it's early days. I hope that I can manage to keep those pages turning over the next 26 (eek) days.
Years later, having firmly established his throne, David faces yet another threat to his power in Israel, but this time the threat comes from within his own family. David’s son Absalom, having mounted a long-term public relations campaign and garnered much of the popular support of Israel, has himself proclaimed king at Hebron (2 Samuel 15:10). Again, the kingship promised to David by God seems at risk; again, David is opposed by the son of a king; again, the threat is removed through the violent death of his adversary. This time, however, the insurgent is David’s own son; this time, he has specifically ordered that he not be killed (2 Samuel 18:5); this time, the one dealing the fatal blow is David’s trusted army commander, Joab.
May we suggest you attend our all day (12-6 pm) Holiday Shopping Party and solve your shopping problem while drinking grog and listening to unusual, offbeat and peculiar holiday music.
Ideal Orgs, or Ideal Ponzi Scheme?
I invite you to join the journey with me. I do not claim to have all the answers. If anything, I have more questions than answers. But if Jesus is who he said he is, and if his promises are as rewarding as the Bible claims they are, then we may discover that satisfaction in our lives and success in the church are not found in what our culture deems most important but in radical abandonment to Jesus.
of you
The area in Detroit where we were has an artist community, with some very cool and/or interesting works. You'll see what I mean...
I’m speaking specifically of how we view the God who would decide to create a species in which he would place his image and then uses the incredibly slow process of evolution to do it.
We're now 12 days into our whole30. There's productive chatter amongst us about what we've been shocked to discover on our ingredient labels - like corn syrup in packaged broth, and maltodextrin in frozen veggies. For me, one of the biggest challenges is the whole30 requirement to not weigh oneself until the end of the challenge. I usually weigh myself 3 or 4 times a week, so this has been a hard habit to break. I know, I know, the paleo thang is all about how you look, feel, and perform. But, I do find that having a general idea of my weight's trajectory can be useful and motivating, and I miss that.
It’s curious, the study of the human race. We call it by a scientific name, anthropology, literally the study of man. Having studied anthropology for several years, it was fascinating to see the thoughts and scientific connections that could be made through anthropological research. However, taking a break from it I began to realize something quite profound – anthropology isn’t all that it’s cracked up to be. At least, not in its scientific sense. Indeed, any social science is really the mad ravings of bored individuals who look at their fellow members of society and wonder, “Why on Earth do I have to deal with you? Perhaps if I come up with a really valid, possibly measurable excuse for you, I can make it bearable, even subtlety make fun of it if I write a book.” Dare you to prove me wrong!
The Arbor (Barnard)
As many of you know, I began my cross-country road trip about two weeks ago. When I decided to make the trip, I intended it to be a “voyage of discovery”, not so much about discovering who I am but more about opening myself up to and discovering the what and where of my higher purpose. To that end, I collected various personal development audiobooks that I would listen to during drive time along with course work that I’d work on during down time. I even replaced my car’s stereo system with one that boasted Bluetooth and MP3 capability so I wouldn’t need to pack the actual CDs. Yes, I was ready and about to be on my way to my higher calling.
Even though several of Cole’s early humor comics centered on hillbilly humor (such as Home In The Ozarks) , quality staffer and editor Gill Fox actually created the Slap Happy Pappy strip. Fox’s pages ran in Crack Comics 1-8. Here’s a selection of Gill Fox’s enjoyable pages, which shows off his precise line and clear writing style (it’s no wonder Quality publisher Busy Arnold made Fox editor):
maybe they would have stood
Very patient readers will recall that my unfinished doctoral thesis concerned university unrest in Tsarist Russia, and one of the reasons I gave up - apart from finding out that some rotter had already written it - was the realisation that politics at the student stage suffers from precocious senility.
Though, Mom’s reading the labels to make sure I don’t go too far the other way. I think I’d rather get my blood sugar stabilized and then worry about how much I weigh, like Dr. Dugal suggested.
Before the policy’s cash value is completely exhausted, suggest that with a new term/UL product, the cash value from his “under water” policy may be enough to purchase an equal amount—or even more coverage, with a guaranteed death benefit (dependent on his health classification).
I also learned a new way to braid my hair that actually looks pretty neat. I’m going to call that a winning moment. I hate my hair, but this actually came out pretty cool and it keeps my hair off my face. It doesn’t do anything to keep me cool (which is what I’ll need this summer) but it’s a nice look for work and if I go out. I think it will help lessen some of the crazy hair comments I get at home. So overall, I’m having a good week! AND someone complimented me on my white teeth. Thanks Crest White-strips! I’m on top of the world lately!
Mortally wounded he and buried on the retreat, (easily all could I
He promises to end the wars, but the wars expand. A constitutional foreign policy will end the wars. And if you want somebody to talk about peace and prosperity, it has to be somebody who understands money and a foreign policy and free markets.
As I mentioned during the last KS Monday post, KSS is going to release FOUR new stamp sets on April 23rd!! For this week, we are sharing a little sneak peeks and Maria is having KSS gift certificate give-away contest!! Be sure to leave your comment to Maria’s Sneak Peeks post for a chance to win the Give-Away!!
Every tear, ache, sob and memory.
It was such a relief at this point, that I may have groaned slightly in pleasure when I finally released.
Great Blue, a 2-barrel brewery on the Suydam Farm in Franklin Township, Somerset County, opted to let its licensing and bonding run out.
Back to our text. In verse 8, John exhorts the godly lady to remain spirtually vigilant in order to maintain her heavenly reward. ‘What we have worked for’ has been demonstrated above: the importance of loving Christ with all our hearts every day with the same fervour we had when we first heard the truth of His teachings.
(And yes, we are talking about the film character, because, you know, it IS Halloween...). Be the first to drop the correct answer in the comments and the shirt is yours!! Good luck!! This contest will be open to everyone for the next seven days and will close at midnight, November 3.
Onions : 1 Chopped
Running is hard, even though all I am doing now is short shuttle runs. I get out of breathe very fast. At PT this week we did boxing which suits me perfectly right now. Friday's bootcamp was a struggle. I found it much harder and am starting to speak out and say that I'm just doing things differently. And I'm ok with that. The social aspect of bootcamp is good for me. It keeps me focussed on my long term goals. And it makes me happy. I am just going to have to jog when they run, walk when I tire, and go low impact all the way!
When we got back from dinner, The Pilot and I exchanged gifts. He got me some fantastic Lululemon winter running gear and I got him the new Kindle Fire. I was so excited to see how surprised he was with his gift. It totally made my Christmas. After exchanging gifts, we passed out and woke up at 4:30 the next morning so that he could continue his trip and I could make the trek back to Newark. I spent the day with my mom lounging around watching movies and then he came over and set up his new Kindle Fire. Mom and I watched "It's a Wonderful Life" which I can now cross off The Movie List and I absolutely loved it.
“Yes Reg.”
With the sticky sweet fragrance
MARRIAGE is beautiful and is FOREVER.
overcomes incalculable distances.
I was surprised by just about everything about Monday, the day we buried mom’s ashes next to my dad, 65 years to the week after he died.
“Basically what they are doing is moving around the villages and conducting political seminars and singing songs.”
In other news:
5.) The Kinks – Arthur / 1969
Joanne and I had often joked about writing our story and it was my husband, Jay, who laughingly suggested we do so. Saying he wanted us to write a best seller so he could retire and live on the beach! Well, Joanne and I wanted to live at the beach, too, so we began writing a little each day. My first drafts were terrible. My second drafts were, at times, even worse. Joanne’s writing clearly put mine to shame. Still, I persisted. I was hooked, and not about to quit just because my writing talents were limited.
Post lunch, we crossed the street to Cupcake – a well-known bakery in town. Somehow these sweets made it all the way back the Mitten with us. I know, so out of character!
Chairman, Inter Faith Relations Committee, MCB
Do you think its all going to happen before bed time tonight?
We ate lots of great food and enjoyed out trip last year and we also had a great trip this year. I planned this trip and decide where to stay, where to eat and stuff. My husband loved everything I planned so I was very happy :-)
This is as good an opening sentence as we've seen here in a while. Notice that what we know about Delia is what happened to her and how she wants to change. In other words, not what she looks like.
I didn’t have a recipe scribbled down in my book so I improvised using a Devon apple cake recipe as a starting point. I think it needed more rhubarb, though the beloved said he liked it.
We also adored Wild Black Bass, sided by plump Marinated Prawns, Grilled Asparagus and a silky Parsnip Puree, sitting in a puddle of Roasted Pepper Sorrel Coulis. A new dish, Fennel Pollen Dusted Muscovy Duck Breast, in a Mashkitchiri, Honey Vodka Fondue was tender, moist and medium rare. The unctuous sauce was an incorporation of the house’s acclaimed Honey Vodka, a marriage made in Moscow.
9)I will totally harness my thoughts and manifest the life I really want.
"It is obvious the MacArthur's reliance on air power was almost absolute. Whatever the weaknesses of his ground forces, whatever their difficult and exposed positions, U.N. mastery of the skies was complete, and air would be the decisive arm. It was a typically American viewpoint. MacArthur and the men around him had a great deal to learn about Chinese Communist armies."
25 for $25!
Happy Mother's Day to all you mummies out there!
The sad thing about survival is this: If you're lucky you get old. If... you're lucky! In Hollywood is it perhaps better for your legend's longevity to not get this lucky? Marlene Dietrich and Garbo both retreated into exile to spare their fans the shocking Baby Jane-in-the-mirror moment (Dietrich performed into her 70s before retiring, however, but she still kept it tight). Marilyn Monroe perhaps knew that if she took her life at least her fans would have what they always wanted--an immortal Aphrodite for the icon-stellation--and she could finally get some real sleep.
Television sets were ripped off the wall, and money and shards of glass were scattered on the floor.
Women – wear sunglasses on the beach to protect their eyes from the sun.
Dinner was fresh, fresh, fresh. Colorful fruits and veggies, steaks and skewers and corn off the cobb. (Plug for my husband – he is a master of the grilling craft. Amazing. mouth-watering.) We ate picnic style in the backyard… and then more games, outdoor and indoor.
First strolls around an actual Jewish neighborhood.
"I've got some real estate here in my bag"
“When I call your name I want you to walk up those stairs to the right, and young Saiben will lead you to your sleeping chamber for the night.”
If you were a Scrapbooking product, what would you be?
Does anyone else have this problem? I can still see the benefit in buying quality items. I love my black blazer from Banana Republic and anticipate wearing it for years to come. It was quite expensive when I bought it, especially compared to thrift prices, but I wear it frequently, it's high quality, and it makes me feel put together.
“The International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants on 8 July and 27 September 2005 against Joseph Kony, his deputy Vincent Otti, and LRA commanders Raska Lukwiya, Okot Odhiambo and Dominic Ongwen. The five LRA leaders were charged with crimes against humanity and war crimes, including murder, rape, sexual slavery, and enlisting of children as combatants. The warrants were filed under seal; public redacted versions were released on 13 October 2005.”
So as the evening draws to a close, it has become time to complete the weekly top-up of my individual vitamin containers. All of the vitamins, supplements and minerals that I take are all specifically named somewhere, by someone, to be of benefit to an individual that has MS.
-Thomas Watson
My daughter, Helen Dekker, was supposed to take the Gifted and Talented Test on January 8. Only, she didn't take the test because her mother, apparently, never completed her registration. On the one hand that I screwed this up baffles me; on the other, of course I screwed it up. Appointments and registrations and dates and deadlines never work out well for me. (Unless they're writing deadlines; those I Never screw up. Writing deadlines keep me going.)
There is no way to sum this one up. The desolation, the anger, the defiant hope.
They squirmed at his archaic language. No problem "Sir". Mae pulled the beer and scanned Nathan's pinky finger with her own. Nathan chuckled.
Now snip off one corner of the CS at an angle to the edge of the handle. Take the scrap piece, flip, and lay it on the other side. Cut around this scrap to make the other side of the bag symmetrical.
introduction to Narnia after all, and the book which sets up the premise from which all the others follow. Short and to the point, it contains two subjects of my childhood nightmares – Uncle Andrew, and Jadis, who later becomes the white witch, were both absolutely terrifying to me as a child and although I’m no longer scared of them the descriptions of both of them are still enough to give me the shivers.
poor people the “potentially rich” and I offer them
But then something very strange happened!
The Pilot had an early trip out on Saturday morning so he missed Christmas with my family. We celebrated Noche Buena with roast pork, rice and beans, mashed yuca, guayaba pasteles and rum punch. And because roast pork only comes once a year, this vegetarian of 5 years digged in and had a little bit of the Christmas pig. After dinner, we opened presents.
What I like: Everything in the Looking for the Perfect Gift? catalogue directly supports the spread of the gospel. So most of the gifts in the CMS catalogue are focussed on supporting and equipping missionaries, pastors, students or families to carry out the work of the gospel across the globe. This is a great thing as people definitely need to hear the gospel, and this gift can have widespread effect on the community as they hear and receive the gospel.
On Friday, I breakfasted and started to head out for a visit to the Citadel and Roman Theater. I made it outside just in time to experience the first rain of the season. And promptly headed back inside. I love rain. But I don't love clambering about on ruins in the rain.
This whole website has free printables, but I especially like the number and alphabet coloring pages because they are simple. I feel like toddlers get overwhelmed with lots of lines, so these are straight to the point.
Rohini Aggarawal has authored a number of books on taxation, corporate and banking laws. Rohini has behind her 18 years of professional experience including association with Pricewaterhouse Coopers and is presently a Principal Consultant at ARX Advisors.
As like last night, the service was great from Vince and Karolyn, and again, Vince's daughter was waitressing throughout the restaurant. Another thing I did notice tonight was the nice stone patio that they have out back, complete with a misting system, canopy, etc. This could be a great place to host an event, in the heart of the city.
The voice manifest itself into a physical shape and she was awakened. She could see the physical materialisation of the voice of promises and it was majestic. He had long, flowing, golden hair, a bronzed, shapely body, and a face more beautiful and wise than she had thought possible. It was his eyes, though, that contained the blazing fire and passion that made her realise that he was greater than everything. He was a god to defy the gods; a never-ending essence of light that, like the phoenix, burst into flame and was reborn a million times before those perceiving it had presence of mind enough to realise that this thing exists—that this thing is real. She wanted him, and she wanted everything that was his.
and you just want to roam,
The more the women talked, the more vivid my mental movie became. By the time they offered us the damn lemon bars, this is what I saw:
Now go and clean off your desk :)
if you aren't already obsessed with the "drive" soundtrack, prepare to become obsessed. "drive" was a film you either loved or hated and i my friends, loved the movie. loved the colors, ryan gosling, the artsy feel, ryan gosling, the music and of course...ryan gosling.
Dear Richard,
For the web students…. you might want to chedk out these 25 Free and Premium jQuery menu scripts – http://vandelaydesign.com/blog/web-development/jquery-menu-scripts/.
As time floats in a river with me
25. “Cheerleader” by St. Vincent
I needed this book! Because I will admit - it is easy to load on the guilt - I am THE MASTER of that!! Don't get me wrong - I'm not about loading it onto others but I load that guilt right onto myself. So when I saw this blog tour I felt it was perfect for me. Turning Guilt Trips Into Joy Rides by Shirley Brosius, Janine Boyer and Kim Messinger is a book that highly encouraged me! This book is set up into 183 very short devotions - less than a page in length - but packed with thoughts that hit right to home. And each is followed by scripture or prayers to encourage you to get your focus on God - where it should be. I would recommend this book - it was easy to swallow and digest and PACKED with wisdom! We need that, as women, to be reminded that guilt is not necessary - let's live in grace!
I noticed . . .
Wasted is now on two more shortlists - I can't say which ones but that's seven altogether! Hope my publishers are pleased. They haven't said so, but I'm assuming.
6” x 6” x 4 ” Top tier (holds 2 cupcakes or one small cake stand)
With a heart that won’t forget.
the Nigerian military now has
"Come on Greenie, get on up here man, bring little Moon to...uh-hu!"
You just graduated college so you are thousands of dollars in debt and living in an urban apartment that costs more than a half of your monthly salary. Just weeks ago you were jet skiing at a friend’s weekend cabin without a care in the world. The sun was shining down upon you, your hair was blowing wild in the wind and all you could think about was the promise of your bright future. You just landed your dream job at an advertising agency making a less than satisfactory salary, but hey you’re really MAKING it, right? That’s how it seems until you wake up one day, unable to move your shoulder. When you try to squeeze your hand or fingers together, you cry. You’re such a strong women, but you cry when squeezing your fingers together? What’s wrong with you? Why are you acting so weak?
A Met official took the stage to say Ms. White had suffered a short fall and was brought to the hospital.*
For now, I’m thinking about the cake.
"It's simple", he exclaimed, and continued "Please note - what I say here is illustrative and assumes a few things (open fermenters for one), i.e. I've made these numbers up, so you'll have to take my word for it that they are about right!"
- 1/4 cup diced dried papaya
see what classes your local Michael's is offering
We hope to get back on some kind of schedule soon and hope to visit with all of you soon. I haven't felt like picking up my camera much this month, even though the flowers have been blooming in the yard. The lilies started blooming last week, so a riot of different colored lilies will be coming soon. I'll try to get some more pictures to share with you.
"And be exalted to live with Heavenly Father."
I needed to scrap the full thing and today my friend Myriam brought me the new Scrapbooks etc, the April issue has a LO by Stephanie Howell that I decided to scraplift, it had the perfect file for me to put my own treasure. And so here is my version of Ms. Howell's LO
I just finished my first draft of my first chick-lit novel, Welly-Booty-Goodness :)
Larkin's pacing in Vixen is excellent. There is always something happening to one of these girls that will keep you on the edge of your seat. The multiple narrators work very well. I felt I got to know each of the girls very well via this technique. I learned some things about the roaring 20s, and really enjoyed being immersed in that time period. I had no idea that flappers wrapped their breasts to make them flat. I just thought it was the cut of the dresses that made them look that way -- but they worked for that flat-chested look!
- with a sweet new set
The individual mandate violates my birth right as a US Citizen. The Constitution stipulates that that the ONLY requirement I must meet to be a US Citizen and reside in the US is be born here. With the mandate, my mere existence in the US requires that I spend money where I may not wish to spend it. My only choices are penalties or leaving my country. That’s it. There is no middle ground.
Next up, the rest of Madrid and eventually, the race!
Beth’s Berry Muesli:
The motor has a stealth-grey matt interior, which contrasts with the high-gloss piano-black exterior detailing and black forged-alloy wheels with rose-gold accents, which go with rose-gold highlights inside. Gorgeous!
AND okay, this wasn't really "junk" but it was a bargain. $20!!!!!
Make ganache: Melt chocolate in a double boiler. Place cream and rum in a bowl and pour melted chocolate on top. Whisk for 15 to 30 seconds until mixture lightens slightly in color. Do not overwhisk, which would cause discoloration and hardening of the ganache.
-Doctor Who, endlessly Doctor Who. David Tennat(10th) is my absolute favorite, but you’ll hear about Chris Eccleston(9th) and Matt Smith(11th and current) some as well.
I decided to go with quite bright colours for this card for a change, I used co-ordinations card in lovely bright yellow for the borders (MS punch) and corners (whimsy).
XMRV and GBV Virus-Host Interaction
“This gargantuan discrepancy between our ‘official’ debt and our actual net indebtedness isn’t surprising. It reflects what economists call the labeling problem. Congress has been very careful over the years to label most of its liabilities ‘unofficial’ to keep them off the books and far into the future.”
Gail
What we’ve got above is some chopped red onion (shallots would work really nice too) and some gremolata, which is a finely chopped mixture of lemon zest, parsley, and garlic. Alternatively, you could take the Latino approach and make some sofrito and use that as your seasoning base too. The key here is to really, really kick up the flavor level in the meat, because it’s really going to need it. I’ve also added some fresh rosemary from our herb garden, which is another good herb for use in poultry. A little bit of herbes de provence would be nice too.
LS: I don’t like to outline that much. I usually prefer to write a first act without outlining so that the characters feel and sound a little more authentic before making major plot decisions. I think then if you write something specific in your first act, it becomes a natural setup, and something you can follow through the script. If those specific things can relate to the theme or the journey that the character goes on, it becomes easier to set it up and pay it off, without feeling like a forced characteristic. In "Man and Wife" I remember the traveling orange was something that became a set up and pay off. In "Seeking A Friend", the harmonica took on meaning as I went along.
And that’s another hint, the format that works for you. You can find a million different synopsis examples online or through your writer’s groups. Just like writing your book, you have to create a synopsis in your own voice and in a style that you’re comfortable with. There is no right or wrong to this. Three pages, five pages, ten pages, it doesn’t matter as long as you are including the important information—who, what, why, where, and how.
For my next layout, I wanted to include the map of the resort and then added text words from the Technique Tuesday travel set as an embellishment along the side of the map. For more visual interest, I added several sticker words from the kit and some partial stamp images as bits and pieces around the page.
Time went by.
And start hearing a music with melody and beats;
Crumbled Feta cheese for garnish
For the first time in a pair of series, the Red Sox lost a series-- dropping this game and thus, the series, to the Oakland A's. Tonight was the major league debut of top prospect Will Middlebrooks and he first came up in the second inning-- walking on four pitches and stealing second base. There was no scoring for either team until the fourth inning. With one out, Yoenis Cespedes doubled into left-center and was promptly driven in by Seth Smith, who grounded a ball into right-center to make it 1-0 A's. Daniel Bard had been cruising along other than that fourth inning blemish, but in the sixth, things got much worse. With one out and a man on first for the A's, Seth Smith doubled to left on a ball that Cody Ross overran to make it 2-0. Kila Ka'aihue doubled down the first base line to score another run and then Brandon Inge doubled off the monster to make it 4-0 in the fourth, Inge would be Bard's last batter.
We’d also like to take the time and give some respect to an often overlooked part of wrestling shows – the managers. A lot of our favorite memories involving big names in the wrestling industry wouldn’t have been possible without them. Who would have been the mouthpiece for Andre the Giant in his heated rivalry with Hulk Hogan if there was no Bobby Heenen? Who would have remembered the rivalries that the Midnight Express were involved in if it weren’t for the great ringside presence and promo work of Jim Cornette? Managers lend their gift of gab to performers who would rather let their wrestling do the talking. They have been an important part of this business for decades and we are honored to have one of wrestling’s most exciting new managers to our trading card set. We are sure that Mr. Late Nite will continue to deliver great promos and entertain fans wherever he goes with his unique brand of showmanship.
The Treasury’s credit easing scheme may improve access to funding for small- and medium-sized businesses and, as can be seen by recent news reports, some exporters are receiving more orders from Asia.
I also have been to a few Open Mics in the Pacific Northeast, Canada, Southwest, and many other areas we have traveled. Just Google 'Open Mics' and you might be surprised at what comes up. Maybe a little digging will take place. Ask Facebook friends, I did and they gave me so much other information for future travels.
Check out what other bloggers are saying on this topic:
Bon apetit
So lets start today off with a vibrant bunch of flowers, I would love to have this bouquet sitting on my office desk right now! Enjoy!
Stand up and be counted
After about the first mile and a half, the 10K participants veered off from the 5Kers and the race got lonely (better than having to run a course twice, right?). The scenery consisted of corn fields and irrigation systems, which was a nice change from swamps.
Hey can we go by walking (Do you prefer to go live the normal life?)
Will never flow again
So we made it through the storm. And this weekend it's supposed to get up to 40 degrees, which will feel balmy after the past couple days (yesterday our front porch thermometer told us it was BELOW ZERO as we were getting ready to go to school!).
The Sorcerer's Apprentice was very much a Disney movie. Wholesome. Good versus evil. Brimming with life lessons. If you are not a fan of Disney movies, then skip this one. However, if you are like me, and find Disney movies entertaining then you will like The Sorcerer's Apprentice. It was a good story and it was well done. The Sorcerer's Apprentice will transport you to a world where giant steel eagles fly, carpets can turn into quicksand, and rings give the wearer special powers. A world where anything is possible. A world of magic. And in the end, in true Disney fashion, you can rest assured that good will triumph over evil, and the ending will be predictably happy. The very formula that hooks me in every time. So if you're in need of a little magic and some good entertainment, then The Sorcerer's Apprentice is for you. This would be a good one for a family movie outing.
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
A dark red fox checking me out.
So I am dedicating this post, to my that-special-person, my cousin, S. I am 12 years elder than her, but I am her favorite "Akka" and she is my sweetie-pie. Right from her childhood (and mine too! You know, I am not that old!) we have a mutual affection for each other, which keeps growing each day. I was (and am) so pleasantly happy to love and be loved by a cousin, as I don't have siblings and I used to be one nasty, mean, b****y cousin to the rest of them ;)
That was 2+ years ago. I could go into great detail about the past 2 years but I won’t. I’m not going to lie and tell you that I’m “cured” and these thoughts don’t still bother me. They very much so do. There have been close calls and stupid things that relied on. The point is, I was shown hope. I was given that friend that truly and honestly has never left me by the way side. Do I deserve everything he’s done for me? Nope, not at all. In fact there have been times where I’ve told him not to bother with me anymore, there is no hope. In my case, it was very true that all I really needed was a good friend. I didn’t deserve it but I was still very thankful for it. I honestly probably wouldn’t be here today if it wasn’t for him. He also was able to show me hope through Jesus. It wasn’t easy and I resisted for a long time. Eventually though I realized that it was Jesus working though Joshua for me. What grace and mercy I was given!!
Now it has been said with some level of accuracy that I am a very cynical human being. I take this as a compliment because once you look into it usually people are simply reflecting that I see through the rubbish quicker than they do.
-Michelle and Sasha spent much of last week on Spain's southern coast, ending it with a trip to Majorca to meet the king and queen of Spain.
To put its size in perspective, here is a picture of the artist with Margaret, in front of the painting:
This is the wrong approach to a dual problem: We have many foreclosed homes in New Jersey and we also have many people that for one reason or another can not afford a home. More foreclosed homes are coming down the pipe because the judicial moratorium on foreclosures has been lifted. As more homes are foreclosed, more people will become homeless.
My instinct tells me that the colors are bit darker this time with less white. Not sure.
So, next time you visit the countryside, keep your eyes peeled for our wonderful birds of prey.
While this is a limited edition, it is still available directly from Nubar (here) for $8. I've also spotted it being sold by other polish e-tailers so it shouldn't be too hard to track down. Do you have this polish? Which Nubar shade is your fave?
As shown by a 1999 study by Martha Olney, a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, the Great Depression of the 1930s offers vivid evidence that borrowers default for strategic reasons, and make full payments even on loans that appear “unaffordable” when given the incentive to do so. (Thanks to Song Han at the Federal Reserve Board for pointing me to this study).
Circe Shaw is on a mission. She must transform into a fabulously sophisticated journalist and discover the amazing scientific truth about boys. Urgently.
Stir for a couple of seconds after which you add the drained rice.
Mohinga $8.50
Rating 8.6/10
Status and Submission Common. Year-round: deciduous and combined woods, clearings, and surrounding suburbs, and city areas. Happens in the Appalachians at greater levels than the Carolina. Fall & winter: makes infrequent irruptions southern, usually not far into the Carolina’s vary, but satisfied to southeastern Mo, southern The state of kentucky, southern Va, Doctor, more extremely as far southern as Az, Ok, and Tx.
Put the lid on the jar and shake well until blended. What you have is a fantastic dressing for a fancy salad or just lettuce alone. So good you could drink it! I used an orange or tangerine that looks more like a blood orange that I bought at Wal-Mart. I can't remember what the label said they were but it said they were supposed to have the hint of raspberry with a blushed skin. Whatever they are, they are really good but not neccessary for this recipe. It works equally well with a lemon, tangerine or orange.
What is your favorite thing about us?
We have less than one year remaining with Saturn in the sign of its exaltation, Libra. Saturn can get things done in the sign of its exaltation. It can make progress that sustains over the course of time, as long as we don't waste time. Wasting time is a distinct possibility with Saturn in Libra as the Saturnine proceedings in this sign often have a less arduous weight about them and a more social, less serious tone.
Friday, April 13, 2012, 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m.
"Oh, wait, this could be 5 stitches to an inch...let me move the tape measure a little bit."
have opened a café at 30-32. Blackwood & Co at 36-38.
The only bad thing about curries is the prep time. I chopped vegetables until I thought my eyes were going to cross.
“Wait for it …. “ (??)
The effect was similar to Kruggerands keeping their weight, but greenbacks dropping in value relative to gold. Not what I suspect Paul thinks he means by the gold standard.
The rest of the day was general cleaning and mopping out the remaining bilge goo. I can see the bottom! And there is some stuff down there!!! Like a battery cell cap, loose wires etc. I’ll probably suck ‘em out will the shop vac after I dump some more detergent in there… it’s still goo-wy.
As an aside, Corbin was a former student of mine, and I am thrilled to hear he's beating his battle with cancer.
It is with a giddier impatience than ever that I look forward to November, for the grand unveiling of the stratospherically exciting Lanvin collection for H & M. Here’s hoping for drama and theatrics, velvet and luxe satins, exquisite, deep-throated jewel tones and gorgeous embellishment courtesy of the great Alber Elbaz. Just keep it as far removed as possible from the current Uniqlo collection, and I’ll be over the moon…
I'd like to enter this in:
The rundown:
Illinois Registration Status:
Courtesy of her delightful blog..and Simon Hopkinson
Perhaps my long-term treatment of thinking too much and keeping things to myself lead to all this negative, unhealthy and insensitive evil thoughts. I really hate myself when this happens and I start becoming so emotional and pushing and avoiding and rejecting everyone around me and sooner or later, I’ll have a major breakdown and it comes to a point where I needed someone to be with me, lend me a shoulder, lend me a listening ear, lend me a hand I could hold on to, someone who could wipe my tears. But no, no one will be there, because why? Me being a pusher, I thought I was strong and I could handle all this feelings and emotions all by myself and always think that I am better off on my own, was actually a minor weakling. An angsty teenager that still needed her parents support for everything, needed friends to be with her, needed love, needed care & concern.
I make 'em go anyway, 'cause I know I can't afford to lose this battle. But even my will is gettin' weary.
These designs are based on hand made, paper valentines of the 18th and 19th centuries.
Dating Jesus – Susan Campbell
In the meantime, Mike's favorite on the boy side was Wyatt. So over the pregnancy, our list really boiled down to Emmett and Wyatt on the boy side of things. We had a name picked out for a girl, but I'll keep that a secret in case we want to use that in the future :)
The colors are Wild Wasabi, More Mustard and Pretty in Pink. The stamp sets are Vintage Vogue and Just Believe.
I also pulled a chair out of a dumpster. I'm not sure if it will find a home elsewhere, but I saw it turned over and fell in love with the rusty legs. It's a very good thing that I have a pickup truck.
It really was like a mini-Vietnam, with everything written in Vietnamese, and South Vietnam flags up on every lamp pole. I did think that they would need a ton more power lines to make it look more authentic…Ho Chi Minh was crazy with the cables!
I decided to not leave you all behind.
There's something rotten in England at the moment.
From various sources I have learned, can generally be described a wide range of theories and research on the subject of this study provide some interesting material. Include:
Just wanted to say hey to all you who follow my blog! There are some new faces over there, and I'd like to thank all of you for visiting when you do!
Well you're just coming up with all sorts of great ideas over there.
was started as a food event by Nicole from For the Love of Food. It’s whole purpose was, and has been, to create a community of bloggers who test each others’ recipes and share links. It has also been to help new and not so well known bloggers get their foot in the door of the foodie community.
The picture at the top of this article is of one of the victims of South Africa's "Farm Murders"
Also included is a trailer.
After our short visit there, we walked to the Arc de Triomphe. Tim just told me we have to walk to the top...
easiest in a mono-culture. Diversity tends to undermine order and, as much
The LORD tests the righteous, but his soul hates the wicked and the one who loves violence.
Indeed, Brodsky noted that, because the stadium would produce relatively few jobs, NYC IDA officials had to get a mayoral waiver to move the project along. (He said there’d be 140 permanent jobs; the Yankees now say 1000. Pinsky said figures in Juan Gonzalez's New York Daily News column yesterday were premature.)
Effective July 1st, 2011, laws require owners of all existing single family residences to install carbon monoxide detectors.
First lets put them in context and go back in time to 1995. So come with me dear reader, here take my hand and let's do that swishy thing with your hands and make a sound effect noise.
His Spirit direct you.
But this is also entirely dependent on whether the court roll can accommodate an additional case on the day or not.
Mesdan shakes himself awake and alert again, drawing his eyes up and away from the dream shell. Darkness has surrounded him completely. The glow of the shell shimmers for a few more seconds and then fades away. His heart begins to pound and Mesdan becomes terribly aware of how alone he is in the darkness. It takes a few deep, calming breaths to remember his purpose here.
Form dough into teaspoon-sized truffle bites, press into mini muffin tins or candy molds. Dust with extra cocoa powder if desired. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to firm up then remove carefully. (I’m not sure what the longest is you should store them for, but I’ve had mine in the fridge for a couple weeks and have been nibbling on them daily.)
3. Toxic Relations is a Reason People Fail at Time Management most of us never even consider as a factor. You know your co-workers that hang out and participate in Idle Chat every chance they get? Or the “so-called friends” who get you to stay out late and spend your time in activities that move you away from your goals? Toxic Relations move you further from your Money Making Hours and closer to Time Trash.
Did I shed a tear? Why yes I did!
Olive oil in the bath, or applied directly to the skin, is a great moisturizer and apparently also a natural healer (see previous MamaTip on the benefits of the oily olive).
1 lb pork belly (choose a piece with the skin still on if possible)
I’ll keep this short seen as it was a preshow match. Decent match here and a perfect warm up match for a PPV. Relatively short, with both men looking good. Miz did some nice stuff with the Cobra, big booting the Cobra itself. The Cobra recovered though to hit The Miz and hand Santino the retention. Ultimately, this was the right booking. Santino is way over while The Miz is above the US title now. Let’s just hope Miz can ‘use’ this to progress.
Unfortunately, the vocal parts aren’t as successful; Gilmour’s verses, though melodic, are far too wordy for the space they’re alotted and Waters’ performance on this song is at times cringe-inducing as he struggles to hit the notes. Also on the downside is the fact that some sections are performed at a lethargic pace, resulting in a bit of a dragging sensation. But those lengthy instrumental passages are absolutely worth revisiting numerous times!
“I HAVE BEEN WATCHING YOUR BACK” God whispered to my quietened soul last week, over 2 years since He had spoken those words from Isaiah. Yes, He had been MY REARGUARD. My life…that is, my soul had been left intact. The chaff had been separated from the wheat. The battle was over and I was on my way home. From now on
There are several secondary characters who are not fully developed but presented with sufficient quirks and flaws that I want to read more about them in future ‘episodes.’ Although Cade’s love for his wife has a significant part in the story, this story is definitely action and not romance. Mr. Nassise has created an interesting storyline and characters who you root for and mourn.
Well, I am getting tired now, and I want to reserve my energy for the week. I'll have to blog later. But quickly before I go... for recording purposes, I'd like to mention that we worked on geometry this week. Jesse, Travis, Savannah, and I sat around the kitchen table with Jesse's 6th grade textbook, playing with angles and 3D shapes, measuring, drawing, and discussing the angles of rollercoasters and rooflines, and how many faces an object had. Travis drew a triangle, and Jesse a cylinder. They needed no help, they drew them quite naturally. Drawing 3D has always been difficult for me... maybe I'll learn now! :)
You gotta play.
Now, as I have mentioned before that I had my name legally changed. I had my name change documents and directions in hand at the DMV on a Monday morning, ready to get my new name on my license. Side note, let me tell you, getting your name changed is no easy task- it almost feels like I’m being punished bc my parents admittedly just gave me the wrong name, they ignored their instincts and gave me a name that didn’t suit me. So as an adult, I’m like pshhh why should I hold onto this old name that no one calls me and just confuses everyone? Oh because it’s really expensive and a ridiculous process to get your name changed. That’s why.
I am also stepping out into some new service in my ministries. I continue to learn and develop the truth that to grow in Christ I need to be serving his people. I connect more deeply, love more strongly, and grow deeper the more I strive to have a servant heart.
Speaking of Walmart....
There’s time enough to meet friends here,
+ PHASE ONE – Single
The coolest part of it all is when I showed Preston, my oldest, the email from one of the producers. He was more excited for me than I have ever seen him. Ever. It was so adorable that he realized my passion for something and connected the dots like he did. We happy danced together. A lot. I think he is my biggest fan, talk about melting a mama's happy heart!!
sings and all life listens
same as *Quantum-Interconnectedness* of David Bohm.
The last blog I will mention is as different from the Alcatraz blog as day is from night. It is not about a single episode, is not academic writing, engages the reader, and was mainly composed in my head. Needless to say, I had a lot of fun with The Excuses You’ve Been Waiting For, and I have to credit all of the inspiration from a single episode of Untold Stories of the ER. With this blog, I felt like I finally had developed a voice that could be critical but funny, engaging but still informative. It also provided me with an excuse to keep watching Make it or Break it.
It’s been a busy few days, what with continuing to work on my script, starting the process of writing the first draft of a novel and doing research for and working on an essay for photography and planning photo shoots. I didn’t intend to wait this long for part 3, but that’s life.
He glances at Mackenzie holding her squirming son on her lap. Miguel looks like a mini version of his father, Dom, who is cutting the food on his plate into little bites. Alfonso, Dom’s brother, is sitting next to his daughter Zoe and they’re playing some kind of game on his phone.
Carrie Ann: Become Nora Roberts? LOL. No. I just want to be myself. I want to share my worlds and people to like them. I would always love to be a NYT author…but as long as I have readers, I’m happy! *grins* Love love love my readers!!
The Flinstones have become a timeless classic in the history of television, while the motion picture “The Man Called Flintstone” has disappeared into relative obscurity. Many fans of the original show are not even aware of its existence. In 2005 there was a planned release of the film on DVD, but a licensing dispute put that on hold (the DVD is for sale in Canada) and it is uncertain at this time if it will ever reach the shelves.
It has been a fair day today but it is getting colder tonight.
Anyway after what had happened i just tried to forget it but it didnt help me that he was still trying to get intouch with my through the internet, telephone and even while we were out with my fiance.
I love the shape of the dress! I think that it's very flattering on most girls I've seen wearing it.
As to Pilgrim or Chimp (really, we know it’s Joan) – says that I caused her disabilities. OH REALLY? She’s got allergies and irritable bowel syndromes and chronic kidney and bladder infections – how the hell could I cause that?
“Many people use dialects to contrast with mandarin, which is required and popularized in primary and middle schools in some urban areas,” Qian said.
How about clothes… yes, I am guilty there too. If I liked a particular type of pant I would get a pair in every color. T-shirts? same… and I think I own the entire line of Smartwool base layers, in every color, weight and style. I also owned the entire line of Hannah Andersson women’s collection. Notice the key word here – “OWNED”, past tense…
- In a small bowl, mix 1/2 c greek yogurt, 1/4 c lemon juice, 1/4 c honey and 1/4 c dil
However, conferences have also been a great place for me to meet other agents and editors. Of course, since I’m in NYC and meet editors regularly, I can limit my travel for this, but still, I often meet new industry people at conferences.
In our mind's eye no matter what he does or has done, Giuliani will always be on a perpetual tape loop playing footage of him amidst the rubble of the World Trade Center. I think conservatives are hoping that a Giuliani presidency will be a lot like a movie, specifically the movie Groundhog Day; that is, if it took place on September 11 instead of February 2. In that movie Bill Murray not only relived a single day over and over, he improved over time. Every day he became a better and better person and eventually won the heart of Andie MacDowell (whose acting skills, oddly, never did improve). Imagine a Giuliani who started with how he was on September 11 and just got better. Imagine a President who actually learned from his mistakes. In the movie Bill Murray was even able to prevent bad things from happening before they occurred. After reliving September 11 over and over, perhaps eventually Giuliani would be able to stop a terrorist attack before it happened. After 1,459 days of September 11, maybe we could get it right this time. But then again, that might just put us right back to September 10. I guess what worries some people is which Giuliani would show up on that day?
49. Scotland has the highest proportion of redheads in the world. Around 13 per cent of the population has red hair, with 40 per cent carrying the recessive gene.
But, since I still have plenty left of both fabrics I guess that now I can make smaller lunch bags and have a complete set. LOL
my demons will be
Did pretty well w/ eating so far. Minus the cookie I had from whole foods. Aunt Flo came to visit and I just was not going to fight the urge for chocolate any longer.
They never tell you how hard it is.
Angel Beats was an anime that I went into not knowing much about it and left it feeling like I had been told a very nice and satisfying story that moved a little too fast and had maybe a few plot holes in it. Nonetheless it is still a good series that is worth looking into.
Quite simply, it sucks. Rocks. Through a straw.
I married her at age 23. We had a fairy tale romance. It was so wonderful. God blessed us so much. She saw a vision of light around the man who sealed us in the Salt Lake Temple. I adored her and for many years felt she was perfect. I was willing to do anything for her. But unknown to me or her she had a mental illness. By the time the mental illness got real bad about 20 years into our marriage she had me convinced that everything she said was true.
Also, many who buy this ETF say it is broad-based, but really when you look under the hood is it?
But I also realize that I can't focus today on how the helicopter just came and left - on the fact that this drug (as wonderful as it is) won't help Bennett. First, because I don't want to take away from other's joy. But secondly, and most importantly, because...
As I sat waiting in the Conference Center with my wife for the Sunday morning session to begin, I glanced down the isle to view my children. One son was seated with his wife, another son was seated with a girlfriend, and my only daughter was there with her then fiancé. As with most parents, I marveled at how fast time had gone by and that my children were now grown. They were becoming “independent”. I recall thinking that my influence was slowly diminishing from their lives. At that moment it occurred to me that with modern technology, I could continue to influence their lives for the good. I could accomplish this by communicating with them on a daily basis via email. I made the commitment right then that when I returned home I would begin to send out a weekday spiritual message. Surprisingly, five years later, with some 1100 messages sent, I am still doing it.
Michelada
Step 6: Apply eyes shadow and eye liner to highlight your eyes.
So we came here and it was a fantastic adventure and fun / scary / exciting / confusing / frustrating / fun and wonderful .. It has been almost 5 years now.
Today goes on record as another day that I hate cancer though our son is healed and whole pursuing his hopes and dreams by the Mercy of God, there are people we know and love battling this devastating disease as it rages through their body infiltrating their flesh while helpless friends and family watch and pray. The doctors have done all that they know to do so all step back and wait for their Savior. How will He come? When will arrive? Is the Lord already here? God’s Mercy is commonly misunderstood by definition by many Christians due to a lack of knowledge myself included. Old Testament saints were saved by the Mercy of God as a forbearance of sin because Jesus Christ had not yet paid the penalty for our transgressions. On a day, when the voices of many are calling for His Mercy, may we strive to understand the profound grace, hope, love and freedom found in the New Mercy of God available to us through Jesus Christ, our Lord.
So here is a rough guide to the perfect Cosmo. The balance of acidity and sweetness is up to you, I personally like my tastebuds to flip flop between the two undecided. Make sure you chill your glass down thoroughly before hand.
Now, if you are adding the Samoas, chop your cookies into small bit-sized pieces.
If this doesn't get him to turn over and stop snoring, go to step 2.
Tuesday, March 15 - Lunario del Auditorio Nacional - Mexico City, Mexico
I have always been fascinated by 'links', ropes, hooks and knots (have a whole collection of photos), they illustrate that phenomenon very well, there might sometimes be the possible 'tension' here, but it's definitely holding, and in doing so, getting stronger and more difficult to undo! Lol.
Bye for now.....Sally-Ann...xx
“A food additive petition has been submitted to the FDA for the artificial sweetener neotame. In that petition, the sponsor claims the data presented demonstrate that the compound produces no adverse effects at a dose of 1000 mg/kg/day in the rat. The sponsor also claims that the product should be safe for patients with diabetes. A review of the data submitted to the FDA does not support these conclusions.
Air France - It Feels Good To Be Around You (Memory Tapes remix)
Yay for Labor Day, where we are free from laboring! Welcome to our Fall Fun Blog Hop. There are dozens of talented stampers on the list today just waiting to show you some cute fall projects while you lounge around in your PJs being grateful that you don't have to work today!
On the non-knitting front, we had an unprecedented and totally unexpected visit from a pair of King Parrots a couple of weeks ago. DH was having a cuppa out on the back deck and quietly called me out to see these beautys. We kept our movements slow and quiet, and they didn’t seem at all fazed by us. At first glance, I thought they were Crimson Rosellas, but DH, the birdo of the family, assured me they were King Parrots. Coincidentally, B had just learnt about them at school, and wondered if this was a sign to make them her project subject. Up to then, I’d never seen a King Parrot either in captivity or in the wild. Quite a treat!
(around the pantry doors)
Schrader SM. General Techniques for Assessing Male Reproductive Potential in Human Field Studies. Methods in Reproductive Toxicology. Chapin R, Heindel J (Eds.). Academic Press, San Diego, 1993. Volume 3A: 362-371.
On the other hand, I’ve gotten a niece and have had such a tremendous wealth of love and support to get me through the horrible times. My life is so tremendously blessed. I shouldn’t have to compare my life to what’s happening abroad to gain perspective, but sometimes I do. I have more than enough food, more than enough first-world creature comforts, and a government that (while I may not always agree with them) won’t massacre my loved ones just because I disagree.
Who deserves more recognition as a poet.
het water voert mij mee – ik
Ady was a adorable version of Poison Ivy, picked for her long red hair
Alvarez agrees, saying, “My major concern is that this effort to get that spent fuel out of there is not something you should be doing casually and taking your time on.”
Preparation Time: Once the yam is cooked – 5minutes
In other news, thanks perhaps in part to all that chai tea, my annual February Crud has reached the point where I no longer FEEL sick, but I still SOUND like I have tuberculosis. So, that's fun for me and all the other people in line with me at the grocery store.
I asked the guy how long can they last in the baggie? He said about 45 minutes.
Psychedelic Freak Out (Demos, Acetates & Mixes)
Whether that is caused by the drug itself or poor household conditions is what the researcher wants to find out.
CON: 3d6+6 (20-21)
I used my favorite MS punch and used some vintage material that came in my first SOE kit!
Life marches on
“Come over here. I have the wickedest hand massage technique I can do for you. Not only will it help you relax, but it’s been known to make some women climax!” He grinned and raised his one eyebrow while I glared at him. OK. So, that declaration caught my interest.
HACKLEBACK STURGEON – $60 / 1oz
I forget what we were reading, it might have been something from Dylan Thomas' "Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog." Or it might have been John Updike. Whatever the story, my teacher spent about a full week talking about a single sentence, one that described a young girl as having "field hockey legs."
Submerge the shells in water and drill holes in each end. Tip: We like to use the plastic top of a Haagen Daaz ice cream container to hold the water when we drill shells.
The only area that I felt I failed on was visiting and commenting on other blogs. I did visit many but I did not visit all of them. My employer unexpectedly increased the work schedule during the challenge so something had to give - sorry :-(.
HR 182 urges the USEPA to grant an emergency exemption for the use of Propoxur to control bed bugs. We need this product to solve the bedbug infestations that the citizens of Ohio are plagued with. The majority of Ohioans dealing with this problem cannot afford proper and safe treatments and this is affecting their quality of life. The cost of treatments can range anywhere from $250.00 - $1,000.00+ per service and often times can take 3-4 services. Additionally, the cost of subsidized housing is growing and I predict in the near future the financial burden of bed bug treatments alone will be an out of control. No one has projected these bedbug control costs into their budgets, nor can they continue to afford them.
“Where are you now? Can you come over later please?” I asked.
Our masks are supported by kevlar or other materials now, because porcelain breaks pretty easily and my mask has deflected bullets before, saving my life!
Confession: Recently, I cannot get enough barbecue. It's just so darn good. Lucky for me, I live in Oklahoma and there is shortage of yummy barbecue places for my craving.
GSM Switching System:
After that, He told to his son abt his strange dream. In which, He was airing on air. The fast wind was carring him with itself. Then, he heard, the dont want businessman Moore while they want Dr Moore.
“You thought yourself invincible,” Jennifer said with unconcealed hate, “you said I would never touch a hair on your head.” With that, she reached up and yanked a patch of hair off Peter’s head causing pain to cascade all through his body. Peter could feel his heart exploding but it was not something quick and short but almost as if time had slowed to a crawl extending his torture. When the blackness started to envelop him it was a welcome release, but Abelle found a way to twist the knife one last time.
All totaled, my six self-pubbed novels have sold over 235,000 copies on Kindle. And I made twice as much money per copy sold as I did on my legacy ebooks.
It shouldn’t be my burden. But it is.
Pictured above is my own plate with Snow White and the seven dwarfs, from 35 years ago.
“This mad sea shows his teeth tonight.
CHRR – کمیته گزارشگران حقوق بشر-
1 tablespoon lemon zest
That is what this Iconic Legend was to all of us. Not only to my baby boomer generation but the ones that followed. So many entertainers owe their careers to Dick Clark and what he did for Rock and Roll and its image, forever changing my parents generation minds on the artists who played it and their kids who fell in love with it.
The local newspaper, on the other hand, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, had a news blackout on the fact that Mr. Ellison is a Muslim with ties not only to CAIR but to other terrorist organizations.
and so his storytime had to end.
And He lives forever, with His saints to reign.
It is a plus but not required that you have multimedia computer skills in addition to reporting. Winning this contest does not guarantee a job at Infowars.com. We will conduct select interviews from the pool of entries and plan on hiring one male and one female reporter.
My first sour beer I ever brewed was an American Style Flanders Red Ale that I brewed 11 months ago. It's been in secondary (an Ale Pale) for the last 6 months and has been getting more and more sour, at least as far as I could tell from sniffing the air lock. After my weird ass dream, I decided to take a taste and figure out how it's doing and where I want it to go from here. The sample was a nice ruby, brown color. Smell was nice and tart with caramel and cherries. Taste was a little tart, malty, oaky, not sour on the end but actually a little sweet. I don't exactly know what the different acids taste like, but I don't get a lot of vinegar at all (which I believe is acetic acid). The bottom line is, it tastes good!
I loved this book. It was well written, hilarious, and altogether a great book. PJ was, as always, my favorite character, but coming in close second to him was, believe it or not, that character whom I shall call Octagon. He’s a jerk through the whole book, I know, but he’s great on the speaking platform and with crowd control. I like characters like that. If only he was on the good side in Camp Juniper (not the real name, but close), he would be a powerful character, toga or no toga.
Or so.
That day I felt attractive again.
Look no further for fantastic book recommendations, book lists, and award nominees and winners– the Young Adult Library Services Association (YALSA) has a plethora of collection development and readers’ advisory tools, plus a number of national programming pushes and ways to involve teens, like Teen Tech Week, Teen Read Week, and the Teens Top Ten awards.
dark and long
As to the rest of the world Petrucha creates, I have to say that Teddy Roosevelt was one of my favorite characters, which is the least surprising sentence I’ve ever written. I’ve always loved the boisterous hulking man and to hear him railing about corruption in the police force made me wish he could have been the commissioner in Gotham City. They wouldn’t have needed Batman. But that’s not my main point here. My main point is that the world that Petrucha built was evocative. The soot combined with the snow to make a New York City that was real in my imagination, but it went further to give the story a darker edge. It seems to me that Petrucha went through this period and picked out all of the very best things to include in this story. To think that there might have been an underground lair for a secret arm of the Pinkerton agency made me nerd out to no end. Throw Teddy Roosevelt into the mix and a plucky fourteen year old who never gives up and you have a story that will set fire to your imagination.
It’s fitting that Orson Welles created his great film classics in black and white. He was a master of shadows—of the human shadow. In his restored 1958 masterpiece Touch of Evil, corrupt cop Hank Quinlan is the slimy quintessence of a human soul fully immersed in that shadow. The crooked cop is aptly, succinctly summarized in the scene with Marlene Dietrich’s bordello madam:
It's a salad, you know how to assemble!
Caroline Norton
Mat 4:9 And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.
1 lb hamburger
Eleven months ago, a one-of-hell party was thrown in Miami, Florida.
I choose to know how to be rich! Amen!
In OCULUS, the sequel to Slipstream, Jordan must play hockey to attend Cornell University. Jordan needs Cornell like a man needs air to breathe. It's the only university that has everything he requires for his "quest". They have a particle collider. They have a scientist examining Antarctic ice cores for a climate change model. It really goes well together.
1. Take Me Home Tonight – I hated this stupid movie so much more than I think is rational. The main character was an employee at Suncoast (as I used to be!) and it was set in the 1980s (as I used to be!) so really it should have been hitting all my right nostalgia buttons. The first red flag should have been that the film was made and completed in 2007 and shelved until 2011. The second red flag should be the presence of Dan Fogler… which actually ties sort of into the 2007 thing since he was in everything that year. Fogler’s career (at least in 2007) seemed to boil down to “HE’S FAT BUT HE’S COCKY! DO YOU GET IT?” I was bored to death in this movie and I’m pretty sure I never laughed. Fuck this movie.
And my heart is pure again.
When one is satisfied with a crumb, why should HaShem bother to give him a steak?
Active Addiction
“What kind of music do you like?” he asked.
Suicide is a huge problem in this country. I've experienced in my immediate family. Twice. I consider it a call to arms - for those of us who battle for the souls of those who are confused, ill, heart broken, crazed and/or depressed and need help. Make no mistake - it is a matter of life or death. I'd suggest we strategize.
'I don’t feel I can properly accede to those pleas put forward for leniency to avoid an immediate custodial sentence.'
And Peter Weller made a name for himself here as the doomed Murphy, wanting only to prove himself a good cop where crime is the status quo. Oh, don't get me wrong: Weller's star shone bright in films as diverse as 1984's Firstborn and that same year's inestimable classic The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across The Eighth Dimension. Yet with this film he reached beyond dramatic powerhouses and quirky cult films to what can be classified as "The Accessible Action Hero". His Murphy's struggle in being a mechanical supercop, yet still retaining his innate humanity is a tough struggle to emote with the crutch of being emotionless, but a scene late in the movie in a warehouse where he sees his face in full for the first time since his death says everything with only a blank stare.
you are the cause
in my smothering embrace.
M.S: When I sit down to write, I don't think, "This is just for women." Or, "This is for men." I write the story that longs to be told. Interestingly, the acquiring editor for SUMMIT AVENUE was a man and I've received enthusiastic fan mail from men.
So how are you supposed to condense 60-80,000 words into a short video clip, or a one page query letter? By being authors. It's in the job description.
“Too much TV hurts movies.”
Parameters for this week’s screen:
11. Seed of Madness
Anyhow, these last few weeks have been tough. I have come to the realisation that not only does my boss not like me, but that the school has no intention of promoting me in the near future, as they had heavily 'hinted' at, probably to stop me from moving on. Well, they've shot themselves in the foot there, as I'm applying for other jobs. The aforementioned school have managed to wear down my confidence so much, that I was just looking at regular teaching jobs at first, until the Head of English at a local school asked me why on earth I was underselling myself and nudged me towards applying for Second in Command. Now that's a title I like!
* 1-1 1/2 organic bananas
I hope this inspires you a little bit, have a great week!
After 2 weeks of being sick Jadyn finally got over her infection. She was on IV's and did not get to eat for 10 days which was so sad, especially at the end of her sickness when she was starting to get hungry and wanted food. For 8 of the days that she was sick, so was I with a mild head cold. So I stayed away too scared to give her anything on top of the infection she had. I think that one of the hardest things I had to go through since she was born.
Please email lora at onecrazystamper dot com to claim your Kraftin Kimmie prize pack!!!
This is what happened with today's recipe. I was happily chatting away on an online forum about saffron. I don't use saffron much. I don't make paella (too much fish!) so the only dish I use saffron in is risotto milanese. I considered what else I could make with saffron, but I kept thinking about how much I really like my risotto milanese.
I told hubby that all of his clothes needed to fit either in his drawers or the closet. He agrees and is trying to "figure it out". I also gently reminded him of my deadline and how I have Tuesday night blocked out to decorate and put the finishing touches on the room. All I can say is if they aren't neatly in a drawer or hanging up by Tuesday night, hubby may be searching through the bags in the garage that are going to our church garage sale, which is conveniently in 2 weeks.
~Hotel and race details, directions
Games involve different learning styles. This physical activity is valuable for kinesthetic learners (children who need to do/ act/ move what they are learning). Games only need about 5 to 10 minutes, but they secure the new information in a dynamic way.
14.) Oprah
Prizes are two bags of handsome studs, pictured above for your viewing pleasure. They are gold, silver, and bronze colored. Check out some projects I've done with them here and here. Oh the possibilities....
*MONSTERS CRASH THE PAJAMA PARTY – Radio Spot
State College PA
Saudi Arabia’s top government auditing body has reported massive abuse of public funds in a report presented to King Abdullah to seek his support for an intensifying anti-corruption crackdown in the world’s oil superpower.
The product was made even more enticing by the promise of “freshly cracked eggs”.
To win one of five copies of Pauline Francis's Traitor's Kiss (Usborne)
The tall girl, whose name I couldn’t remember, was slowly sliding her feet back and forth, the wheels of her Blades rumbling on the grated metal floor. She wasn’t fidgeting out of nervousness like me. She looks impatient. She looks eager to crush someone.
Birth rarely meets our plan and often exceeds our expectations and for some mothers the fear of unexpected homebirth isn’t far from the surface. This is my third opportunity to share in this blessing and with each the mother has later reflected on the rightness and simplicity that was offered to her thru this humbling experience. Without the fuss and drama, the interruptions and interventions, a mother carves her path led by her natural rhythms and strengths alone. She births in beauty and grace and she does so wild and free.
“Companies are already feeling the squeeze. It gives them the incentive to upgrade their productivity and to develop a Singaporean core in their companies (and these are) people who will form the long-term skills, the long-term loyalty and long-term capability for the companies and Singapore.”
since I did a tutorial...
Somewhere between the lobster brisque and the salmon in oyster sauce I overheard him rather triumphantly congratulating himself on his choice of soiree while his partner nibbled at the only remaining half a breadstick in their bread basket that he hadn’t scoffed yet.
Finding one of these jobs can be very difficult. There are a lot of places to look. Back in olden times, people were forced to look in the classified ads and send out resume after resume. Now, though, you can find one of these on the internet.
newfound friends to orchestrate a Christmas miracle.
Don’t forget! 25 April 2011 is ANZAC day – a national day of remembrance for Australian and New Zealanders who died at war.
by Norman Bridwell
Yes, we're talking goulash like your mama used to make...elbow noodles, browned hamburger, diced tomatoes, corn, ketchup, onions, salt/pepper. One bite and I'm 10 years old again. Bonus points if served with a cold glass of milk.
Through its 34 years, NDI has touched the lives of more than 2 million public school kids, and today, 4,000 children spend 30 weeks in intensive classes led by professional teaching artists in Manhattan, Brooklyn and the Bronx. The majority of these kids are low-income and multi-cultural– in mainstream, bilingual, and special education classes.
We drove on into San Francisco, and our car filled with screams when we recognised one of the often-used Mythbusters locations. I doubt a disused runway often generates that level of enthusiasm.
Single grain, high temperature!
On the 27th of June, London's Hyde Park will play host to a concert in honour of Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday and we can be assured that it will receive wall to wall coverage by a star struck and worshipping media, who will continue to laud Mandela as one of the greatest, or indeed the greatest, heroes of our time.
blends with blue pin wheeling circles
* Clubs
electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the oil, eggs, granulated sugar, brown sugar, and vanilla on medium speed for 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the banana puree and mix on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down the bowl again. With the mixer running on low speed, gradually add the flour mixture for a total mixing time of 30 seconds. Carefully scrape down the bowl. Refrigerate the batter for 30
Theresa Breslin’s latest historical novel PRISONER OF THE INQUISITION has won the teenage section (12+) of The Historical Association, Young Quills Award, is shortlisted for the Scottish Children’s Book Award and was voted favourite book by the young people shadowing the Carnegie Medal Book Awards.
It's coming.
PARENTS of adults with severe learning difficulties are facing college bills of nearly £5,000 after funding was slashed by the government.
Joyce: That's just the circle-arrow thingy.
Cantankerously represented?
The Outsider
This is where things get murky. I’m always on the hunt for That One True Thing that “Is Good,” whether it’s in relation to eating habits, exercise, my hair, how much I drive, and so on to infinity. Sometimes I get so caught up in looking for this one ultimate example (spending hours and hours researching weightlifting programs, buying a hair dryer even though I hate them with a passion) that I forget a couple very important things:
Carter is obviously attracted to Gallagher and dates him before spending a night with him. When Gallagher’s troubled friend Teresa Perron (Melinda Dillion), a devout Catholic, comes forward to tell Carter that Gallagher was with her, helping her with an abortion, at the time the labour union leader, Carter thinks nothing of printing up the story for another page one byline, despite Perron telling her that she doesn’t want her name in the papers.
The cookies would be delivered to the Day Resource Center in Jessup where families in need go for help. Since homeless families don't have a home much less a kitchen to cook in, having something homebaked for the holidays would be special for them.
Nice piece, right? I loved this bit:
There are approximately 64 days until the music part of SXSW. IN lieu of this impending deadline, I intend to preview at least 64 bands. Why this number? Because, if you can go strong for 4 days, you can easily catch 64 bands at SXSW. I'm here so you only waste your time on this blog when your not in the clubs, not at the clubs listening to some crap emo band.
I'll probably begin with the first-of-the-five in the next day or so (because, like the ultimate construction of their legendary Bee Thousand LP, the many lists I've made in preparation for this post are nearly completely different from each other), as I really need to nail down my absolute top 5 tracks. It's really fucking difficult with this band, even taking out the wilderness years 1985-1991 and concentrating on the Propeller/Vampire on Titus/a million EPs/Bee Thousand/another million EPs/Alien Lanes/more EPs/Under The Bushes Under The Stars sequence - there are, perhaps, close to 200 songs to choose from (and, of those, only a third don't really rate for this post).
It was the party of the year. The tasteful kitchen remodel complete. The living room decked out in antiques from their trip to Greece. The guest list like the who's who of NY Housewives. And a 24 karat, golden encrusted, porcelain cake platter topped with a three-tier beauty baked from box mix and frosted with Betty Crocker.
In graduate school I developed great friendships with two very important women. One was a light-skinned black women who was a naturalized Jamaican. Her mother had been a maid for white families. When she was 10, she came to America. She gave nobody any excuses for not getting educated and held herself to high standards. She taught me poverty was a circumstance; being educated was a choice. I consider this woman my ‘twin’ separated at birth and it is unfortunate we are a few shades off in skin color or we could pass this way!
The onerous implications have some members of the media here feeling under more pressure than at any time since the fall of apartheid.
Enter the realm of The Immortals—and experience the extraordinary #1 New York Times bestselling series that has taken the world by storm.
I have just made the realization that Daughter #2 really needs to be in the CIA. She should be a spy. She should be some sort of profession where they are trying to BREAK your spirit because the girl, at age 6, is nearly unbreakable. Friend SH, often describes Daughter #2 as having "great follow through." That's a very polite way of saying super fixated and stubborn.
So far this system is working out very well. Have any of you tried this type of homework plan?
My electrologist thought it was interesting. Although she saw Christen in the pictures I showed to her, she also saw what she thought was a guy in the mode I presented to her when at her office.
A type of nut.
GAH!!!!!!!
I was inspired to press toward the mark of the higher calling....
1 sexually
They are also available as ebooks, of course!
6. Partnering (or more) with LEDES Oversight Committee
Well now that Halloween has passed you know what that means, Thanksgiving barely gets a mention and we are straight on to Christmas. So that means I better get started now or I will be so behind I will never be ready in time.
I'm interested to hear the current "academic" perspective on the issue, and interested to see if the discussion goes outside of the typical dichotomous conversation on Blood Quantum (i.e. one side saying "it's good!" and the other "it's bad!"), clearly it's a lot more complicated. The panelists all come from the academic world (and there are two Stanford affiliates--go Card!), so it'll be interesting to see how the conversation flows:
A frosty Christmas eve when the stars were shining,
they aren't going to find out the gender of the baby before it is born, so it's a perfect gender-neutral choice, i think! megan decided to go with a "sweet dreams"-themed room, with stars and swirls and circles, so here's what i painted (the crib will obviously be right below this, and i think when the bedding comes in, we will be painting the sweet dreams letters in stripes to match the bumper on the bedding! isn't this a cute nursery idea?)
And where´s the hidden element, you ask? Here:
Anyone who was there will tell you that the vast majority of protestors were law-abiding and peaceful participants in this process, but what they were up against was a police force poisoned by years of Umno interference.
This time around it doesn’t appear to be the case. Today, I heard about a school where, to cut costs, people in the same department I work in were let go. Based on a lot of what I’ve read in the past couple of years about college education, I should have seen this coming. Just take a look at the news today. Student loans and interest rates are the big thing Congress is squabbling over. For a while now, people have been questioning the value of a liberal arts education, especially when young adults are graduating with thousands owed in loans and no job prospects whatsoever. This is the new reality…a college education is not the ideal it once was. And who can blame people for thinking this way when things are the way they are?
Writing the Vision
Industrial collectivization began within hours of the Fascist uprising. Workers in Catalonia "seized control of 3000 enterprises. This included all public transportation services, shipping, electric and power companies, gas and water works, engineering and automobile assembly plants, mines, cement works, textile mills and paper factories, electrical and chemical concerns, glass bottle factories and perfumeries, food processing
The famous Sydney FC
Happy Monday Blog Friends! Did you have a nice weekend? Mine was pretty great, eventuful and yet relaxing which is always the BEST combination (IMO).
Grandma bought live geese and ducks at the market and carried them home in a basket. Mother remembered those streetcar rides, the frantic squawks, how the other passengers smiled.
I cannot tune out this teenage girl as she recites “Invictus” over and over. She recites it perfectly until she reaches the fourth stanza where chokes on a sob as she tries her hardest to get out the last two lines. She closes her eyes as tears stream down her face while she does her best to remember. However, her mind keeps coming up blank. So she starts over, but she never finishes. It just goes on and on without her ever uttering those lines, but I hear her heart murmurs the word ‘invincible’ every single time she hits that point between ending and starting. I hope she hears it as much as I do.
like a blackbird
Anyways, the point of this post is that I LOVE actual invites. I do not judge if you invite me somewhere via facebook or evite, but I personally love the look and feel of an actual paper invite. For me, especially, they are super easy to whip up, and since I'm a lover of all things old fashioned, I appreciate the nod to the past in which things were amiably formal.
And I call up MacGregor from the grave,
Suneet Singh Tuli, CEO, Datawind said, “We are very happy to have formed this strategic partnership with Reverie for supply of language solutions. We feel strongly that technology should reach every corner of the world and knowledge of English should not be a barrier. This language solution will benefit the users by offering a new world of services and products to a segment of world population that has been ignored for so long.”
I don’t know if it is my body’s reaction to the anesthesia or other chemicals it has been recently pumped with, but I do believe in healing from the inside out. Don’t be surprised if you see me juicing my meals- gotta get those rich nutrients one way or another.
BRIT: "In the village lived a man called Smith..."
After one has taken in all the occasional squalls, cleared the storm drains between them, made sure the water levels didn't seep into the floor of one's car, taken the pets out despite their unwillingness to put one dainty paw on a wet sidewalk in order to relieve themselves, and marveled at the fact that the power is still on, what is there left to do but hunker down and stave off ennui as best one can? So, we cleaned house. We played computer games and board games and card games. We got more than our fill of crap teevee-watching in (and I of my own guilty pleasure through reruns online) between monitoring the meteorologist freak-outs on the local news. We cooked and baked. We read and napped. We had to make it a point to leave the house at least once a day, which usually turned out to be at breakfast. I've never seen local breakfast places so devoid of 20-30 minute waits on weekend mornings as I have this past weekend. People got shocked over the past few days, and local businesses suffered, resorting to some desperation on their part to keep customers coming. Not that I blame them. This time of year isn't normally a bad time for retail, but Lee messed with everyone's best-laid plans, including ours to venture out to the beach. Closest we got to that was the aquarium and the Algiers ferry.
It was all a prosecutorial fantasy; none of it was true. Yet Anderson pounded his fists into his hands and wept to the jury as he described Morton’s perversity. Compared with this vivid picture of the crime, Morton’s defense didn’t have a lot to offer.
Dye ink: Wild honey-Ranger
In a context dealing with religious false teachers Paul said this, “For such men are false apostles, deceitful workmen, disguising themselves as apostles of Christ. And no wonder, for even Satan disguises himself as an angel of light. So it is no surprise if his servants, also, disguise themselves as servants of righteousness. Their end will correspond to their deeds” (2 Corinthians 11:13-15, ESV).
But that plan for getting through thesis? Well, it works when it's just thesis stuff getting me down. It's not enough for the specific kind of loneliness you feel after you hang up (by mutual agreement), after you sit for hours in silence not knowing what to say or do (because the alternative -- speaking -- will make things worse).
To wrap up the last few weeks, I'll bullet:
- Father-in-law/ Father Too much involve in family matter.
10/11/2008 - Toronto, ON - Massey Hall
YOU SAY YOU WANT SOME MONEY FROM ME TONIGHT
At Zanuck’s request, Temple’s parents agreed to four films a year from their daughter (rather than the three they wished), and the child star’s contract was reworked with bonuses to sweeten the deal. A succession of films followed: The Little Colonel, Our Little Girl, Curly Top, and The Littlest Rebel in 1935. Curly Top and The Littlest Rebel were named to Variety‘s list of top box office draws for 1935.[44] In 1936, Captain January, Poor Little Rich Girl, Dimples,[note 6] and Stowaway were released.
Sudan (Jackson Square)
Like A Rolling Stone
UNITED NATIONS, Mar 9 (IPS/TerraViva) – The negative fallout from climate change is having a devastatingly lopsided impact on women compared to men, from higher death rates during natural disasters to heavier household and care burdens.
I love the cause, but that was pleasant hop bitterness as well. Would be a great beer to have back in Houston. Just goes great with heat of NO, and whatnot. I also see on Abita's website the have a slew of Select beers. I can see I'll just have to make a day trip to Abita's brewpub.
I had no idea if my dad was able to understand me but I had told him when I arrived that I would make sure that his wishes were followed. After I had informed the rest of our family of our decision I had a few moments alone with my dad. And as I explained what was going to happen I started crying. My dad looked at me and his eyes filled with tears. Some part of his brain was upset that I was crying.
Anne Marie Sallerin Ferreira, 29, Jersey City, N.J.
okay, these are not especially touched
So here is the sketch we were given.
After that, things became pretty much of a blur …
Thank you to everyone who has supported me along the way, to everyone who has welcomed me home with open arms. None of this would have been possible without you.
Don't forget: Today is the last day to enter my giveaway for 1 month of free advertising on my blog. If you have an Etsy store, design-related biz or blog, click here for details.
So many times our ego gets in the way of our happiness. Why do we have a need to be right? Many times a shift in perception about needing to be right will help us maintain peace and happiness. Next time you are in a conflict of will or an argument ask yourself, is it really worth it? Hardly, if you are losing your peace to maintain your ego you will be disappointed afterwards because the ego can only temporarily be fulfilled before its starts searching for something else to bring it gratification.
1,007,000: Construction Jobs Lost Since Obama Took Office. (Bureau of Labor Statistics, Accessed 4/10/12)
Little lamb, little lamb,
I scribbled down the address and agreed to drive over the following morning.
You absolutely adore your engagement ring, and can’t wait for the day you’ll be able to wear your wedding band. So why should his wedding ring be any different? Give him a wedding band that suits his style and he’ll be proud to wear it forever.
Among friends, I'm famous for such encounters, and for challenging people's reluctance to accept that the 'Arab' and 'Jewish' communities can have anything in common. At Birmingham University, I had countless encounters with cabbies who would lecture me on Middle Eastern politics. "It was the West that murdered Saddam, he was a great leader," said one driver. I replied that I couldn't agree since countless Iraqi people - my Jewish grandfather included - were tortured under Hussein's rule.
What you post - your words, your photos, your write up itself - could be copyrighted.
A toast! To those romantic heart to hearts over anniversary dinner! A toast! To improving always!
I have discovered that this phrase is common on both sides of the Atlantic. When I brought the subject up with several people over the past few days, everyone had heard of the phrase and knew that it referred to a form of honesty.
Happy New Year and what better way to bring in 2012 is a classic Kinks concert from over 30 years ago. It's from a FM broadcast so the sound is perfect and the era is circa, One For The Road on the later part of the Low Budget tour. The setlist includes 2 songs from Dave Davies first solo album (AFL1-3603) and the title track of their next album, Give The People What They Want. This is another show that has been available as a bootleg in various carnations with edited tracks, but to my knowledge this is the complete show.
643 D-V/5/1973. “On Antigone, Socrates, and Odysseus: A Commentary on ‘The Self’” (with Helen Margaret Anastaplo). Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois.
Colossal desert centipedes with (of course) psionic powers. These creatures are immense (100-150') and capable of demolishing entire cities unless turned aside by overwhelming numbers or power. Fortunately they are not malicious, fighting only for food or when provoked.
I hope, in the 21st century, it is eccentricity which proliferates.
It is doubtful DC will honor the old Watchmen agreement so many years after the original series was published. It would be like an oil company giving up regional drilling rights because the native population was there in the area first.
Local residents took to Facebook to vent their frustration at the situation with many residents looking for the camp to be removed and calling for a permanent solution to the issue.
They did two blood draws again today. Like I said, they couldn’t get Mom’s meter to work on me for some reason. But on their own, my numbers were lower! Whereas last time I was in the mid-to-high 400′s (I think my highest was 469 or something last time), this time I was in the low-to-mid 300′s! Rock on! They did their first test on me about 20 minutes after Mom dropped me off, which was 45 minutes after my shot. My blood glucose registered 348. About 2 hours later, it was 327. I’m happy!
I have decided to play single table, 9 player, No Limit Sit and Goes (SNGs) and I have started with a bankroll of enough for 30 buy ins at the lowest level $1.20. 1st position takes $4.50, 2nd $2.70 and 3rd postion, $1.80.
The music has matched my mood this week and I’m not going to apologies for it either!
Although this may seem like an inordinate amount of work, you must bear in mind that we cannot successfully design with nature if we negatively impact the environment. Through the process of Inventory and Analysis we justify where the most intensive development should occur, where the sensitive areas are that need protection, and what the site's outstanding features are that should probably be accentuated.
The weather here has been an absolute pleasure this week - sunny but not stifling hot, and with the slightest breeze.
Pilgrim’s Southern Style Breast Strips
“By doing what you did, you created a danger not only to the integrity of the process but also to public confidence in it. A justice system in which officials are prepared to take bribes in order to allow offenders to escape the proper consequences of their offending is inherently corrupt and is one which deserves no public respect and which will attract none.”
I’ve been so lazy.
I had submitted that piece to Dengeki prior to applying for the Sneaker Grand Prize. Since that process wasn’t put into a selection screening, the editor from Dengeki read it by chance and was pleased. I received a notice saying “We don’t need to see another sample of your writing.” So I started writing something suitable to be published after my debut in Dengeki Bunko. Almost immediately after that, I was told the result of the Sneaker Grand Prize. It had been about half a year since I submitted that entry… I completely forgot all about it. Please forgive me! (laughs)
It was fun. We included the kids in on it to. Everyone got a piece of artwork from our Emo child. And the older two helped with a few of the other projects. It was so fun to see them wrap the present and know they had made it. I love those smiles! and the memories of sewing, wood working, and designing are priceless.
Probably discouragement, getting irritated because I thought I'd never be a good enough writer for anyone. I suppose I got over it when I remembered that I'm not meant to be please everyone. I'm meant to write for the Lord.
One does notice that none of the post-conviction remedies Ms. Castle describes would "ensure wrongful convictions don't happen in the first place." For that the state needs to enact policy reforms on the front end, such as requiring valid lineup practices, recording interrogations, and ensuring that invalid forensics aren't used at trial. Governor Perry has never championed such reforms, but neither for the most part has he opposed them, with the notable exception of his intervention into the Forensic Science Commission's investigation into arson science.
Chris Caffery – Guitars
I’m not sure if I’m the only one thinking this, but I think the degradation of society is caused by apathy. Whether it is those in charge or those who could change things, they all are way too apathetic.
What is everybody doing nowadays? Yes, recording all those precious memories for the future. Are you? Well I know my family is, everything from those first baby steps, the first Christmas, your favorite memories of your parents, the dog, the girl or guy next door. What about that guy doing a funny walk around the swimming pool who looks just like Charlie Chaplin in those old films?
Chicago-wise it also gets sticky in regards to a piece by Andreas Gursky and the Museum of Contemporary Art. Matthew Marks, the gallerist who’s famously declared that all of his artists belong in museums, sold on of Gursky’s Avenue of the Americas prints to Refco. The deal being that Refco would eventually give it to the MCA. The MCA owns 10% now, Refco pledged the remaining 90% be given to the MCA by 2008. This is all uncertain now that the collection is being auctioned as part of Refco’s bankruptcy.
It felt so good to hold hands with her and walk around the city together.
One of the comments argues that the labour shortage in places like the Alberta tar sands is manufactured by purposely offering low wages and no benefits to drive away any domestic interest so that companies will have little option but to import TFWs. I think this is right on the mark. At the right pay coupled with other incentives you can easily attract the labour you desire but there seems to be no interest in doing this. There is also the option to train and retain employees but there is no interest in doing this either which appears to be especially true with the construction industry. If there is a labour shortage in this country Canadian businesses share some of the blame.
–no node stealing (crafting or quest nodes): “Six people can all chop down the same tree tree at once, and gather the same lumber, as someone who walks up a minute later.”
I belong to angels with battle-torn wings and voices raw from howling!
But I almost got caught and/or killed by a flying machine before that, I am not sure what the flying machines would do to people, and I did not want to find out; somehow I escaped the flying machine, probably because so many other people were running around for it to capture and/or kill.
If you want to get your story published you do need to know what kind of books are being published NOW for children today. Don't rely on what you might remember about when you were a child but go to the bookshops and look at the books. Read them and see how long they are, if there are pictures, and the way the story is told. Find out where your story fits in generally.
"If I don't leave soon we'll be seeing the sun come up," she said as she pushed his hand away.
And if you have 5 minutes to spare, below is a video about the making of the Lavazza (coffee) 2012 Calendar, where they asked 12 famous photographers to create self-portraits. Each had a very different take on the concept.
I think this might be fun. For me, definitely; I started setting up the Pinterest site today; I can see already that this could be a very addictive thing for me! Hopefully for readers too. I’m still getting to know Pinterest, but ideally I’d ultimately like to do something where people could sort of vote for, say, the one dress out of all the Pinterest pics, that they most envision as Jessica’s (maybe just “like” it on Pinterest?) And then I could keep a running tally on perhaps my Facebook Author page (once it’s up and running again) and/or my Goodreads page, as to the results. Just a fun thing to do, if anybody feels like it (and a way to link people into my Author pages).
I made this tutu from a youtube video I found for one of the grand daughters already here. I know 2 of them will be finding out the sex of their child in mid August and early September. Not sure if the other one is going to find out or be surprised...either way I have been looking at videos for rag quilts and looking at baby material! It's a happy time here for sure. Hope all is right in your world and big hugs to you all!
And yes, my friends. That takes planning.
2. The Location. Hello?! You are standing in a bathroom! “I know the best place to show off my knitting! Bathrooms just scream beautiful, natural and hand crafted!” said nobody, ever. Seriously, wake up and smell the…umm…toilets? Okay, minor rant over. Bathrooms are usually very small (especially in England) which means you will almost always be standing far too close to the mirror (this may also be because you are trying to capture more detail). Shots that are taken close-up, as opposed to shots that are merely zoomed in, often feel quite claustrophobic to the person looking at them. It is hard to focus on certain parts of the knitting, and you naturally try to lean back to remedy this (which doesn’t work). Very few mirrors are ‘perfect’ mirrors, most of them have imperfections which cause House of Mirrors effects; bits of the knitting are stretched out and some are squashed, etc. Having the camera that close to the mirror also has the side effect of making the photo fuzzy and out of focus, which again will lose you detail.
Labyrinth
The greatest exemplar of literary realism in history, and possibly the greatest novelist in history. His two most titanic works, War and Peace and Anna Karenina, would have been more than sufficient to secure Knut Hamsun an award. If only Tolstoy had been born a little closer to Sweden, the Committee might have overlooked their arguable translation of Nobel’s will. Apparently, the Committee did not consider Tolstoy to be leading the modern literary world in “the ideal direction.”
Are we not dealing with this because some nutcases are still denying that it happened?
Sanrio appealed the decision. After the ruling in November 2010, it stated that:
My dad had AIDS. I never really accepted the disease. I stayed positive and really thought that the handfuls of vitamins and herbs he took would prolong his life. This was before the cocktail so he had to rely on things such as garlic and shark cartilage. I was completely shocked to get a phone call from my mom telling me to come home from college. I was a freshman and it was the week before final exams. My roommate and I found my professors and, through tears and snotty noses, requested that I take my exams early so that I could go home and be with my dad who was dying. This was difficult. Still, I have no recollection of those days as I crammed for my exams and packed my belongings not knowing what I was going home to.
“In all, this is one of those novels that bookshops must hate: not hard enough to be spec fic, not weird enough to be fantasy, too realistic for the humour section and yet too humorous to shelve easily with the lit fic. And that, I suspect is going to prove to be its charm; for those who do read it, it's a singular take on the world, and it will either resonate with you or leave you cold. … But I can recommend that you try it—if you like distinctive fiction that rings no bells and blows no whistles but creeps up on you with its absurdities, this book will satisfy you, as it did me.”
Work, just work for me
An announcement warned everyone that the doors were going to close. The newly boarded passengers grabbed hold of something to brace themselves for the impending judder as the train began to move off. The girl peered over the tops of her Raybans to see a heavily pregnant woman standing in front of a seated businessman too engrossed in his broadsheet to acknowledge the belly inches from his face. The woman looked weary. The Businessman went to turn the page of his newspaper and as he folded the page he had just read back on itself he glanced around. He didn’t even see them, but his eyes momentarily met with those of the girl. Nobody saw them flash a brilliant shade of emerald green before she pushed her sunglasses back up her nose and bowed her head again.
gutters and sewers
Your child should be able to trust you, period. They should know that you have their back, you unconditionally love them, you will take them seriously, and you will do everything in your power to support them in following their passions.
Oh My God! I just attested to my ARC SW. I knew it was going to be pretty damn easy being trained and having done quite a bit of auditing on SW and all the Grades, NED and Grad V actions. After my floating TA earlier today, however, I really felt done after only a handful of sessions over the last few days. My needle has been floating over that entire time. I blew masses I never expected to handle at this level of the Bridge and I know I’m on my way to Clear and beyond and definitely won’t be getting worse.
Netflix, it's like Beer for your Brain.
Completely lost in all the headlines were the failures of the contracting standards of United Nations. A conclusion of “American” contractors supporting the Taliban is not supported by the facts presented in the text of the Senate report itself. The most electric allegation in the report is that subcontractors fought against U.S. forces during a raid on Azizabad resulting in the injury of one U.S. soldier and the injury of several civilians.
First and foremost, let me just say, I’m not an advocate for fist fighting or backyard wrestling or hitting yourself with a 2×4, any other such rednecky-type nonsense. None of that appeals to me. Hell, I don’t even like it when those urban skateboarders jump up on the rails and ride them. All I can think is, “Man, do you really want to make mashed potatoes out of your balls at such a young age? You might need them…” So, I’m against violence. I also believe that if you yell in anger, you may have the BEST point in the world, you may be so RIGHT, and yet no one will hear you. All they will hear is the yelling. So, whenever you can do like the kitschy, pop culture poster says – “keep calm and carry on.”
It doesn’t matter if it’s fiction or non-fiction.
By the way, the (botanically-incorrect) hyacinth on the plate was made by rolling fondant into an egg shape, if you will. Next, the stem and leaves were added. Then I cut out gazillions of tiny flowers and glued them onto the fondant egg with a paste made from Gum Arabic.
“What?” said Rayanne.
I don't know the logic behind this, but somehow old-fashioned menu written with colorful chalks give me this warm feeling inside. It feels... homey... It rings true whether you're in a coffee shop at Manhattan, New York City, or at Starbucks, Singapore, or in this pizza parlor here in Jakarta!
Here's what's on our bookshelf this week:
Wilson... is a toddler. Throwing tantrums, being sweet, needing naps still. Speaking of. It really is naptime. YAY!
Sources
I took that plane and I soared with those angels
I didn’t make the changes because the other strategy wasn’t working, I made the changes because it simplified things. The old way I had to keep track of when to check in, which could be at any time, and my schedule didn’t always permit it, which means I wasn’t checking in as often as I could, which means missed opportunities for both profit-taking and buy-ins, etc.
This is why our weekly goals list is something I cannot recommend more highly for those preparing for long-term travel. Each week, we set short- and long-term goals that require team or individual completion. We order them according to importance based on whether they impact other projects or deadlines. Then each day after work, we discuss the list and hunker down for a night of productivity.
Attached is the contract. Simply download, fill in the blanks, and send it back to me. Where it calls for your signature, you can type in your name and then add: (electronic signature valid and binding)
Robert Downey Jr. does what he does best, my concern originally was that maybe he was going to take the spot light as such, I would say that Iron Man does get more screen time and Stark gets some of the best moments in the film but this is a team movie and though he gets a little more time it doesn’t ruin the film or take away from the other characters, Tony Stark evolves the most in this film, he grows as a character. He also has some of the funniest interactions in the movie, with some genuine laugh out loud moments. Downey Jr. in my eyes is the prefect Tony Stark, the man is a fantastic actor and he really brings Stark to life.
canvases of society women wrapped in fur.
Today two of my girls were having a little disagreement. We're working a lot on problem solving in our classroom, so I decided to just sit back and watch them work it out. I could see that they were not making any progress, so I started moving in their direction to help them. When I got there, I could see that one of the girls was getting pretty angry.
Next we added the octopus bits, notice how it has turned from the purpley grey colour to that richer pinky red colour. I understand that’s a very good sign when it comes to cephalopod cooking, it means you are on the right track.
Started reading: 8 April 2012
JAPANESE SHIP DRILLING TEN KILOMETERS AT EXACT EPICENTER
It turned out our CEO had pocketed the $10,000 speaker fee himself and
So maybe it will take an angel,
I have been following the lobby groups and online petitions and letters to anybody who cares in the lead up to the sale and was fascinated by the loyalty shown to the brand. And the angst in the weeks since the sale shows just how parochial some drinkers can be about ‘their brew’ and how immune to the realities of business they can be at the same time.
From Left: #01 Lady Rose, #07 Blossom Pink & #12 Peach Rose
Ladies, I am on cloud nine and I don’t even have an idea why. No, I am not pregnant with Rob’s lovechild. Even though I wish I were. Imagine how cute that baby would be (if Robs genes are as dominant as I hope them to be).
I became truly miserable in management. Our accounting long tests were a conglomerate of grammatical mishaps. It would really frustrate me when I answered incorrectly because the tests’ bizarre grammatical style confused me. In our subject called Leadership and Strategy, we had to write a fifty page paper on socks. We had to write about the different inputs to create socks, the kinds of socks, how many people bought different socks, and other equally mind-numbing bullshit. It was the most benign piece that I have ever written in my life, and I had to write fifty pages of it. My course was becoming a form of cruel and unusual punishment, and I couldn’t stand it anymore.
and with the success I achieve, I’ll be wanting more.
I am finding out from emails from both men and women that problematic tangueros and tangueras do not necessarily focus just on the young -- but the newcomer is indeed the person who is most vulnerable. Also, I would like to note that the tango community is probably safer than some religious institutions. Predatory behavior hides in every corner. Read the book I have suggested above. Knowledge is power.
In the open rain
“If She Had Read The Koran, She Would Have Known That It Forbids Killing People… She Should Read The Torah And Tell Us What It Says”
Give me all your Luvin’ (Laidback Luke Remix) (***)
What are Rogation Days?
So Ticketus only have a contractual right against Rangers. This will give them only a claim in insolvency if Rangers go into liquidation.
Historically, any attempt to dominate India has resulted in a total and long term, loss of global status of those who made the attempt, whether it was economics, politics, culture or religion. It hasn’t stopped anyone from trying though!
Previously
I am so excited to be part of the Doodle Pantry Design Team and today I get to officially begin my fun with the team. Laurie is releasing some awesome sets this month. I made two projects for the release. The first project is and easel card with the new set called Lion and Lamb.
As the English-speaking diaspora spread throughout the world, the concept of peace was refined, extended, and more fully realized. The development of a legal system to which all had recourse, the establishment of local officers and then police forces, the creation of responsible and accountable local government -- all these tended to enlarge the condition of peace.
at both ends of the place.
Don’t worry about the future. Or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubble gum.
We’re trailing out the weighted blanket tonight. She thought it a bit heavy at first but hopefully it will help. I put it over myself earlier to see what it was like and immediately started yawning! Coincidence I expect!
“Lynsey, didn’t what happened between us last night mean anything to you?” he asked.
Using ideas as my maps
Instead of making a homemade cake he uses a devil's food chocolate cake mix, and it tastes amazing. I can't for certain say it tastes just as good as the recipe's cake, because I haven't had the recipes cake, but it's great none the less. Follow the directions on the box to make the cake, then use the following recipes to ice the cake with the recipes taken directly from Smitten Kitchen;
I am going to have to whip my still fat but into shape and get this show on the road!
So, I start bouncing from shrink to shrink, because honestly, I don’t like most of them and I don’t have faith in their abilities since I can see right through half of their tactics, even at ages 7, 10, 12, and 16 and so on and so on.
Dámaso Verdolagas is the father of Maria Clara. He is also a parish curate and a cruel priest.
Garlic Naan, not spicy, just yummy!
I confidently strut into the place, feeling very good about the way I look ( should have known something would go wrong – damn hubris *fist shake*). I walk up to the table and first go to hug the friend that has driven into town since I haven’t seen him in a while. When I step out from the hug one of my fabulous stiletto heels catches on the carpet. Every time I fall I experience a moment – an infinitesimal moment – where I realize what is about to happen and know that I am powerless to stop it.
I fell in love with this city fast; the style and nature of the people, the buildings and just the general vibe of the city- stylish with a grungy edge. Plus the shopping, oh my the shopping, but shall get on to that later. We (I travelled with my highschool bestie B, you can read her travel blog here) were very blessed with the weather- apparently it was a very mild winter this year and thus we were treated with sunshine and only two rainy days during our entire trip. We stayed in a little apartment in Hammersmith, which was a short walk from the underground station, a Marks & Spencer and various bars and cafes. We spent a little under a week in London and here are some of the highlights:
Today is another spectacular day, and I hope all of you enjoy it too!
I always think of HomeGoods for the little finishing touches—accessories, mirrors, bedding, pillows maybe. But check out the incredible rug my clients snatched up. They are so smart. This was the color scheme we were looking at, and the traditional style I was going for. I'd picked out samples of new rugs for them, but none were this perfect. And none, to be honest, were this well-made. A new high-end rug was just not in the budget.
The 15-year-old was hit in the face by one of the group before a number of them punched and kicked him to the ground and stole his ipod.
9/22 – Colorado Springs, CO – The Black Sheep
It is also easy to get lost in the minutiae of the emails and text messages submitted to the Leveson Inquiry – who said what to whom and with whose authorisation – and miss what James Murdoch’s said in his actual testimony. Which is clear as day. When asked why he was so hostile to the deal being referred to the Competition Commission, James Murdoch replied: “It’s incredibly inefficient for us, for the company, to be waiting on what appeared to be an indefinite process, actually, with uncertain outcomes“.
who flings
I did enjoy the characters though. Eryn was someone who never could stand being left behind, always took action and had a sharp tongue. Alec's crew consisting of himself, his brother Matt and Brit were also a well-rounded cast. In books the family are usually flat or non-existing but there was a great deal of spotlight on Eryn's Uncle Marcus and Aunt Sammi as well as her cousin Paige. Paige was pretty fun to read about although her character did come off as a stereotypical queen bee, but I'm glad there wasn't a lot of high school drama. Wade, the police chief's son, was my favourite out of the cast as he had the most depth.
She is only a week and a half old at the moment, so she’s obviously not living with me yet, but she is so super gorgeous and I cannot wait until she is old enough to be miiiiiine.
But then there's the stuff of ugly fights, in person, on the phone. The kinds of things you take to a mediator because you just don't have the perspective to work through them in a constructive way. Because both parties involved are raw.
The work is due to commence at the end of May and finished after around five weeks.
Anyway, with the exception of the Anex channel. (which to me was a complete waste of my time and effort) I have made all songs previously public and then private; public again. I don't believe you will see me on "America's Most Wanted" or "Dog The Bounty Hunter". If I end up on "Judge Judy", I will ask her why she yells at black people more than white people.
Of moths.
hot sweaty sex. Racist? Or
lava erupts over every bump
Thursday of this week is the much-talked-about Tampa City Council meeting that could determine the fate of the Cigar City Tasting Room. Letters have been written, phone calls have been made, and now it is down to the wire. It is probably safe to assume that the three who voted "no" will continue to do so even if only out of ego-driven stubbornness. It is also probably safe to assume that the three "yes" votes will hold, seeing as they are based on logic and common sense. Which leaves - once again - Charlie Miranda. Here's to hoping he makes the right decision.
Keep searching and keep doing your best.
I hope to receive more info on artist and writer Eva Vargas.
___ cover quotes without names appended to them? I have to assume you called your own book “a work of dark genius”.
I'm amazed that it's mostly sold as a houseplant. I left a few pots of them out in my garden during the winter, and was surprised to find them living and thriving after all those freezes we had. I wouldn't have thought the ones planted in the ground would have survived the prolonged cold. It seems, though, as long as they receive plenty of shade and rich moist soil, they are happy.
You can check this new kit out HERE! It contains a 6 by 6-inch Kaisercraft Sweet Nothings paper pack, a pack of heart shaped Prima crystals, 1 yard of 1-1/4" wide champagne May Arts silk ribbon, 2 yards of two-toned shimmery 1/2" May Arts Ribbon, 1 yard of beautiful fabric trim, and 1 pack of champagne self stick pearls. I think its delish! Be sure to see how the rest of the Flourishes team took on this New Year challenge and whether they went for the "older man" or "robbed the cradle!" :-) Sorry, I couldn't resist!
At any rate, try to go out an see the Texas Military Forces Museum out at Camp Mabry. It’s a great free resource, entertaining as well as educational, and a fine way to spend several rewarding hours. It will also drive home to you what a vast, detailed undertaking modern warfare is, as well as the fact that history is not only made by distant, unapproachable people, but by your friends, neighbors, and family, who are from time to time called upon to do great things.
The anti virus software market for the most part has been a thriving one. With new viruses coming up everyday, anti virus software companies were always assured of good revenues.
Since so many of you have experience taking self-portraits for your own blogs what great tips do you have to help those of us with crap cameras take good pictures?
If you'd like to leave a comment below, do so! I'll pick one next week and send that person a copy of the book just for fun.
(A sidetrack question: If you see 90% of what you in is not what you believe it should be, do you fight against it or just give up?)
One last thing!!! If you haven’t participated in the poll to determine what my 20th Dinner is Served! meal will be, click here to cast your vote and decide my fate. I will prepare the chosen meal next weekend. Cheers!
It may only be a few that will say this: “I challenge you to bring me even your spirit of divisiveness and contempt, if you can bear to approach me with it.” Are you willing to be one with so much faith? Are you willing to be emptied out and filled anew with the Holy Spirit?
The most important part of wallpapering (I'm sharing this with you because I found out the hard way) is to make sure your wall is a perfect palette (meaning no holes, no bumps, no nails, etc). One of the reasons, I intended to use wallpaper was to hide imperfections in the wall. That didn't happen. Every bump will show through.
That black mini looks just like the one she's been missin'
Kaia: The youngest of the players, and one of the best ball handlers out there, turning on a dime and raking balls to the point the opposition has no idea where it might be from one instant to the next..
I love this idea, and it may be working. According to stats from the WSJ article, some 2.9% of students who were sophomores in 2002 graduated from high school in three years or less, vs. 1.5% in the 1990s. The availability of online classes is helping this (since that's how many students earn the additional credits -- or through summer school).
Added breweries.
You belong here if … your heart skips a beat every time you see a pink slip in your mailbox, until you remember it’s probably either a textbook or your box partner’s.
Drinkin' Wine Spoli Oli by The Five Strings
Still gettin' strong off MREs and water.
I'm good at keeping secrets, I'm actually very trustworthy when it comes to keeping things on the DL if a friend confides in me.
Enjoy the colors if nature in spring.
Money was going missing, bills were late, I needed more money.
I walked there from my office, got a little lost at the end (it's not all descending numbers and avenues down there) and arrived a little breathless. He was behind the counter selling. When he isn't drawing or inking he's selling and he finished a sale and was busy with a couple who weren't sure about something. That's when I've heard it in his voice, as I've heard it in my brothers' voices.
Felt that there wasnt any earl grey taste? The lemon taste was definitely very strong (which I liked! Love lemon :D) and perhaps overpowered the subtle earl grey taste? Really good lemon frosting! Thick, creamy and sour (but not overly so). The cupcake tasted the same as the one used in the black sesame
Use our goodness and nourishment in the Name of missionary
On the side hanging on a ribbon a key from Tim Holtz
It has been a long week around these parts. The nanny was sick, I was sick and then the little assistant came down with the norovirus. Let's just say that I was too busy with laundry to blog about these little peanut butter fingers before now.
on her way out.
LinkedIn I believe has a sophisticated algorithm to look for different variations of a job title to classify it to a “meta” job title. For example, “M&A Analyst”, “Investment Banking Analyst”, “Banker”, “FIG Associate” may be all mapped to the “Investment Banking”.
It’s true that the banksters have all the money. They have so much money that they have purchased the NYPD and turned them into ruthless oppressors and common thugs.
Besides, when they don’t meet our requirement/ needs, we will express our anger to them but not to our friends…
This is also probably due to the fact that I chose a bowl to bake it, a nice glass 9x13 would have worked beautifully...
I’ve been using this for a couple of weeks now, and I love the ease of application as it’s much faster than applying BB/LF and loose powder. I pretty much just buff on a layer of this over my base/primer of the day, and i’m done for base makeup! The oil control is average, but that can be controlled with a oil-control primer. What I love most if probably the texture of the powder, which is very very smooth! Application is a breeze, and the finish is pretty darn good too! This baby has since convinced me to use it daily, and though I haven’t completely forsaken my BBs, I’m now pretty much a convert to compact foundation too! =)
I bought this bamboo chair at the Value Village for $20:
It should be about athletic achienvement and artistry and encouragement. Something to look forward to. If it becomes a chore, if it becomes about winning and beating everyone else, you might want to reevaluate things. These girls don’t just skate together, they go to school together, run into each other at the mall. You want them to bond, to go to the movies together, to have parties and sleepovers together. They’re still little girls growing up, worried about when to wear makeup and jewelry, picking out the right clothes, talking to the wrong boy. They have homework and projects and siblings and family stuff going on. They don’t need more pressure. Skating should be affirming and a challenge but never an obstacle.
The paragon of the cold tsundere love interest. He’s a genius at everything from academics to tennis to cooking. He doesn’t get close to people, so he’s hard to figure out. Naoki has a lot of pride and is confident in his abilities, but when it comes to love he barely lets on that he cares. In favor of romatic gestures, Naoki prefers to brutally tease Kotoko about everything from her (lack of) grace to her body, publicly rejects her love letter and dismisses her in front of her entire class. Most importantly, he can run circles around her in terms of intelligence. Thus, Naoki is someone who is ‘above’ Kotoko – she’s out of his league and she has to work hard to earn his love. And because melting moments for him are few and far between, it takes a while for the audience to warm up to him.
No matter how rough the seas
Today I am still sore
We already had our latte macchiato and bread-with-chocolate earlier.
Of the two, the news from Malaysia where three women were caned for illicit sex was by far the most disturbing.
I then cut some green felt with a new Marianne Design cutting die in a lattice effect
Setev had come to Kuala Lumpur earlier this month to hurry the Malaysian government to hear the appeal of two former cops sentenced to hang for Altantuya’s death.
How do you know if you’re dehydrated?
IP: Not a fan of these shops, but need to be careful how we do it – the shops exist because of the free market.
Emily: My favorite class in high school…hmmm. It would have to be my English classes with Mr. Stratton. I always looked forward to his class. We would critique movies like Crooklyn, Romeo and Juliet (both of them)… He always made it fun and interesting. He was not everyone’s favorite because he was a little out of the box, but that’s why I liked him. College….hmm again. I really enjoyed my Music Therapy class. If I could have another career and go back and get another Master’s it would be in Music Therapy.
Edward F. Beyea, 42, New York, N.Y.
Who Substitute UK
After the discount, the cost would be £22.35 (GBP) or $63.75 (USD) (including postage)
Hoping to surprise him, you quietly make your way to the bedroom, a mischievous grin playing at the corners of your mouth as you approach the closed door.
Squeeze the juice of quartered lime into the bottom of the serving bowl. Ladle noodle soup into bowl making sure to get a good mix of noodle, shrimp, and vegetable, top with fresh herbs, and a slice of lime.
When I first put The Homesick Texan cookbook on hold at the Madison Public Library, I was expecting it to fit with one of my favorite habits: every once in a while, I like to pop a bowl of popcorn in the afternoon and sit down and read a cookbook all the way through. When I was little, this cookbook was most often a reread of Food that Really Schmecks, a very readable and cozily written collection of recipes from Mennonite families and other cooks in Southwestern Ontario. The tone of the book is nicely captured in the passage in which the author cheerfully admits in the first few pages that she included many recipes taken from her mother’s little black notebook without testing them (and, in fact, I once, in frustration, wrote “These just don’t work!” in red pencil next to the recipe for Sugar Cookies in Schmecks to avoid further frustrating attempts at the recipe.
Mary: I have seen the Lord.
bits of light, electrical energy, brain blips -
Christmas presents are always wonderful to receive, but how about getting some, halfway through the year? My friends didn’t mail them all to me, because the weight of the box was going to make it really expensive to mail. So, they let me know that there were a few waiting for me, here in the U.S. And now that I’m back in Pennsylvania, Rachel (yes, my friend’s name is Rachel) pulled them down from a shelf closet for me.
This album is chock full of reworked hits and some new songs. Most notable is “new breed of Godz.” This killer track sounds like a freight train smashing right out of the 80’s and into the modern world. I would argue that these guys made a decision to recreate that sound rather than jump on the digital bandwagon of the age.
These drivers are just so angry.
Among his many achievements, he had the distinction of accompanying Billie Holiday on her first recording, as a leader, writing Frank Sinatra’s first hit song, “Oh! Look At Me Now” when they were with Tommy Dorsey’s band, and serving as Bing Crosby’s last musical director and playing on his last recording session. In between, he also wrote songs for Bing Crosby, Louis Armstrong, the Andrews Sisters, Louis Jordan and Nat “King” Cole.
3. Roll It Over
hair - frayed burlap, walnut stain
Oh, and by the way, I received the appointment letter last Thursday. I worked on Friday. My appointment was for Tuesday at 9AM. The letter told me all kinds of new things that I had to bring to the appointment. All of them were different than the original list that was given to me by the prefecture. You know those 15E and 55E timbres? Well, I didn't need ONE of each. I needed NINE 15E stamps and THREE 55E stamps. That would be 300 Euros in stamps. Oh and I also needed a chest X-Ray and records of all my vaccinations and hospitalizations. I had Monday to make all of this happen.
The numbers in bold-face type, placed in the left-hand margins of this Bibliography, are used in the Index for this Bibliography. All other numberings are for indications of sources, cross-references, etc.
I know I have the same problem when I’m writing something. I tend to want to make absolutely, positively sure my reader knows what I’m trying to get at. Then I read something like this and I remember, readers aren’t dumb! They get it! And if you have to say it, you didn’t do a good job of showing it!
And as a side note, my outfits have left a lot to be desired so I haven't posted them lately. I'm going to use the snow day to get together my 30 in 30.
And, of course, we have a winner of the $20 Gift Certificate from our last challenge chosen using Random.org . . .
After the deposition
Oh, and remember how I told you about that smug feeling I used to feel? Oh my, how that smug feeling has been slapped right outta me.
The further up north you drive, the flatter the land becomes and the greener it seems. We drove close to the Dutch border, as my grand-parents live less than an hour from it. It is also here that I passed signs to a water-castle and indications pointing out that the prairies used to be duff. Gloomy moorlands that turned into wonderful green grass over the course of centuries. I can imagine pictures from my old history book in which people were bent over sticks and picked duff to make a living.
Slash loaves with a sharp knife and place in an oven that has been preheated to 200 degrees and dropped to 190 degrees when placing loaves in. Place a pan of water on the bottom rack of your oven.
In conclusion: Beware. These would tempt even the Dalai Lama.
I am actually jinxed when it comes to soups. I am not crazy about soups and I seldom get them right when I make from scratch. Whenever we crave soup, we go for the canned ones, jazz it up with leek and such and enjoy it hot. I must also add that I am not a fan of the clear soups and prefer the creamy ones (cream of mushroom, chicken and celery topping the list) any day.
On a brighter note, I got new pillows for the bedroom makeover! I ordered fabric from Tonic Living, planning to make a couple of pillows myself. Then I realized how sharp they would look with navy piping. That is out of my realm of sewing expertise so I brought them to Pins and Needles, a local sewing shop. They did a great job and for what it cost, I'm unsure if I will ever bother to make my own pillows again!
On Saturday, SNN will join Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas, civil rights leader and MSNBC political commentator Rev. Al Sharpton, journalist Warren Olney, labor leader Maria Elena Durazo and actor Hill Harper at the 20th Anniversary Empowerment Congress Summit at the University of Southern California’s Bovard Auditorium. At this year’s summit, SNN will launch “Equality for Our Kids: Stand Up, Speak Out and Take Action,” SNN’s yearlong initiative to normalize the distribution of services provided to children with autism spectrum disorders.
Yield: 40 dumplings
Because my Manor is in the country and set about 1895 to 1905, I decided the house has plumbing in the kitchen and a bathroom in the attic floor. For lighting they used candles because gas pipes for lighting only reached the rural areas later on. The house had Central heating (Furnace in the basement and heat grates in the rooms) which used coal, but because the the house is in the country and it was so readily available, all the fireplaces in the house are wood burning.
This news might have made me cry tears of joy … I said might.
If a parent wants the type of detailed "how many f*cks?" "is there kissing with tongue" "is it blasphemous" type of review, fine. Great! I even think CommonSenseMedia is a great resource for us readers who don't count the number of times a kid talks back to an adult, but have patrons who want to know. CommonSenseMedia does NOT say "don't read this book" or "this book is evil"; rather, they give a detailed analysis of the factors they think set off alarm bells for adults who monitor the reading choices of their children.
However, AOL successfully rebutted the PTO's case. It submitted a "snapshot of NEXIS printouts" for the period 15-30 June 2004, as to which the Board concluded that "the majority of the articles refer to applicant."
Once you have decided how you want to construct your over-all tree form and design and have secured it to a base, you will want to gather your bills for folding and tying. Start by folding the bill in half and fold that portion back and forth like an accordion fold, flipping the bill over to the opposite side with each fold completed. Crease a few times so that the fold is crisp. A popsicle stick would work wonders here for rubbing the fold sharp. Then you may open up the bill and tie around the center portion of the bill, being gentle to squeeze the middle section together to form a butterfly- like shape. Keep creating the folded bills and continue to add them to the branches and before you know it the TREE has grown! The leaves (folded bills) are placed in random areas but, be sure to have them displayed in a somewhat balanced design as to not allow the tree to topple over. Add additional theme objects to complete the over-all feel you desire.
Mother: Abiah Folger -
"Get 'em in the eyes, get 'em RIGHT in the eyes!"
I am sorry to say I have no clue.
Carrot - 2 cups diced
I wasn't sure if I wanted to write this post or not. It has been a hard time. But I decided to do it, because, maybe, just maybe it will help someone else. Being in pain and ill (and it my case looking like a zombie with my millions of rashes) and not knowing what is causing it is horrible. The unknown and what ifs will drive you mad. The despare and the selfishness... none of it is good and yet it is all REAL. When we aren't feeling well, we can't focus on others. It affects so much of our lives not only physically but mentally and especially emotionally. I have not only suffered because of all this but most especially my little family.
I WILL SAY THAT AFTER GETTING MY OWN BOX, I felt like I jipped her:)
“We don’t try to engage in speculation as to where the market is going when considering the offers,” Simon said.
And if I ever make it onto the real bachelor…I will be the one breathing in & out of the brown paper bag & mumbling…..but I LOVE him!
This obscene movie was speaking such gut-wrenching truths! Government and organized religion will use whatever means to crush anyone in their path. Yeah, sure, I felt I knew that stuff before—but seeing it so brutally, ruthlessly, unashamedly displayed and portrayed on film WAS a revelation!
Doctor Jeremy Davis came running into the room. He saw Kevin and asked him, “What happen?” “I was checking Henry’s grocery on Phillips Street to make sure the doors were secure when someone shot me in the back. God it hurts doc!” Kevin replied. Dr. Davis proceeded to help Kevin lay down on his stomach on the examination table. And as the doctor began to pull up Kevin’s shirt he noticed there was no bullet hole in his shirt. He examined Kevin’s back and he saw no gunshot wound. “Kevin are you sure you were shot in the back? There is no entry point.” “Doc, are you blind? I felt the blood running down my leg.” Kevin’s uniform was a dark, blue-black and made of thick polyester. It was made to resist any discoloration or stain. Then Dr. Davis looked everywhere, and still he saw no bullet hole in Kevin’s back or his clothing. He shrugged his shoulders at the nurse. Then Dr. Davis began questioning Kevin. “Kevin are you sure you were shot? There are no bullet holes anywhere in your back or in your uniform.” Kevin hadn’t even thought about the doctor looking for a hole in his clothing. “Just find the bullet in my body and don’t worry about my clothes” Kevin demanded. Dr. Davis then proceeded as he told Kevin to pull off his uniform completely, so he could find and treat the wound.
Sometimes I see my martial arts training the same way. To me what looks all bright and beautiful is really nothing more than a weed. Right now, my pending nidan grading is starting to feel a lot like the weedy end of the spectrum.
Earlier Friday, a separate explosion was reported near a state-owned company in an industrial zone of Damascus but it was unclear if there were any casualties, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
1 cup whipped cream, chilled
CE: Which poetry series have been members of the circuit?
Every time I put my money in
Charms are not something I would usually use or buy, so I have a very limited selection - Bicycle, Feathers or a playing card (I did say my choice was limited LOL).
Don't forget to drink plenty of Icelandic water, tap or other H20. The pure Air is for free.
I figured that we could start the week with some fun facts that you may not know!
Now anybody can be a publishing mogul.
- This has some after tones of kerosene.
of self deception.
Toro & Osetra Caviar
And THAT is something that we currently have no program/system in place to handle – which in my humble opinion is a big reason why we have run in place for so long, and why the rest of the world has “caught up”.
That one was much discussed in classes on socialist organizations, and it is also true for other conflicts from civil wars to revolutionary overthrows to such things as simple elections. There is a deep and virulent strain of Islam that has never been tempered by a conflict that has so sickened its participants that they swear away from marrying the Mosque and State together. That has helped such organizations to at least retain some cohesive internal system, but that system cannot address the myriads of bureaucrats necessary to run it. If al Qaeda has had the bureaucratic disease spread to them, then they had to have it from somewhere else. Many of the examples of Western Communist terror organizations points to a good set of roots in that culture. Another set is put in place by the Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliation with the NSDAP of Germany in the 1930's which brought its own brand of efficient bureaucracy with it to emulate. That system can be one of heartless and inhuman efficiency, to say the least. And when the bureaucracy begins to re-order an organization to fit its desires and it is heartless, then the original causes the organization held begin to wane as the bureaucracy takes over to its own ends. For now those ends still include the terrorist vision of OBL and the other founders of the organization, but at some point the last link to that past will be lost in the form of Zawahiri, and then the organization will be run by its bureaucrats. So long as external operational pressure is kept up, al Qaeda is in a death spiral of bureaucracy: we won't destroy it, as such, so much as it will run out of funds to keep the bureaucrats paid.
“Why am I the only one who has that dream?”
Meanwhile-- Grab a freebie! Click on the posters to get a freebie of Jabber the Reteller.
Change is certainly needed; in particular, the state effectively grants monopolies to a few lucky private, for-profit beer and wine wholesalers. These regulatory privileges should be struck from state law in the name of fairness and competition.
The scale took the form, then, of a set of situations or policy requirements wherein it was expected that people might divide in their responses. In response to each the subject was asked to tell whether he would 'Do what is right' (scored 3), 'Do what is to our own advantage' (scored 1) or 'Don't know' (scored 2). See the appendix for full details.
Bottom 3: Hollie, DeAndre, I DON’T KNOW WHO ELSE
Stevia
My earliest convenience got me there yesterday afternoon. McGill's is a pretty small place, maybe 12 tables, but at least 3 waiters walking around. I must say the service was spectactular and Marty, my waiter, was very speedy and friendly. He walked right up after I was seated and mentioned the specials. I didn't pay attention because I was just going to get some French onion soup. I told him that and Marty gave me a wink and a smile and said "you must have heard how great it is". I said I did.
Strong performances from the leads, as well as from two great stage performers, Ray Bolger and Fanny Brice, who appear as themselves, made this movie a joy. The likeable William Powell (The Thin Man) stars as Ziegfeld, and because Powell never appears in a movie without Myrna Loy, she plays his sensible second wife, Billie Burke (who, Wikipedia tells me, played Glinda the Good Witch in The Wizard of Oz). Luise Rainer won an Oscar for her performance as Ziegfeld’s first wife, Anna Held. A fickle, jealous French actress, Anna continues to love Ziegfeld even after she divorces him. Despite the good acting from Loy, Powell, and Rainer, I was totally taken with Fanny Brice and Ray Bolger.
I'm not going to write a review of either film, Suckerpunch has a shite storyline...LACK OF STORY and Your Highness was just a pile of drivel that was funny in certain scenes like when the Prince had a Minotaur's trouser snake as a necklace...WTF o_O
It’s also a supreme pleasure to eat. This isn’t just finger-food — hummus is a major player. It dresses up, dresses down, and pairs with just about everything.
I saw a treasure chest at the bottom of the ocean. It was in a deep, dark place, and I had deposited it there many centuries ago. The chest was more of a box, cast iron. It was sealed shut by rust and covered in barnacles and layers of seaweed. I hauled it out of the water and prised the lid open. Apparently in this incarnation I was a mermaid, and it felt like I had returned to my ancestral home. Opening the box, I found the long forgotten treasure that is my memories and knowledge from past lifetimes. It is now time to embrace my past, bring it into the present, and discard the useless rubbish I have acquired.
Another PS--fixed the border link, sorry about that, I'm terrible
Munroe Falls
Certainly, we can't be the only ones experiencing this problem?
Sometimes you find the most interesting things in the oddest places. For example, I was perusing Time Out New York at work today (because I was bored) when I saw an ad for The Lincoln Center Festival. What really caught my eye was the title Emilie. For some reason, I just assumed that it had to be about one of my favorite Scandalous Women, Emilie du Chatelet. And I was right.
What a difference a sad event in someone's life makes.
The scarf I made is "only" around 4 meters long. I tried to find one yarn-brand that had all the right colours so the scarf wouldn't look unevenly kitted because of the different wools and thicknesses. It worked out quite well. The wool I found was a little thicker than it should have been so I reduced the stitches from 66 to 40.
Why, because everyone knows that the folks who drink booze are all alcoholics and a drain on the state's medical resources. And everyone knows that soda-drinking leads to obesity and a drain on the state's medical resources. Why does everyone know this? Because the people who make a living off screaming about this have told them. Not that they'd be biased, or maybe present things in a slanted way to support their case...
3. The map, which rotates depending on the direction you are facing and has no zoom levels, is useless.
life goes on no matter who falls behind,
They will walk with you, every step of the way.
- Jodhpur is also known as the “Blue City” – due to its distinctive houses painted bright blue around
When using this, I decided to focus on exfoliating my upper arms, as it is there that I have small, stubborn dry patches that prove difficult to shift! I gently rubbed the scrub into my skin in a circular motion whilst in the shower, and then washed it off with warm water. I noticed that, because real lime is used in the product, as I rubbed the fruit popped and let out its natural oils so I was hit with bursts of the gorgeously zingy smell of lime. Unfortunately, the ginger scent wasn’t as obvious.
mermaid kisses!
Placemats and pink napkins: Estate sales
Emotions are the fuel for the Law of Attraction, the Tenfold Rule, the Golden Rule. Honking spiritual laws. The big Karma Kahuna. (FYI, Kahuna is a Hawaiian word. My favorite definition is a “priest, sorcerer, magician, wizard, minister, expert in any profession.” It’s also Australian slang for penis.) That whole, ‘you get what you give’ thing—I’ve seen this. It’s science. (Wikipedia gives it pseudoscience. Close enough.) Emotional triggers occur when you have an instinctual negative emotional response to a person, topic, place or smell that is not based solely on what is currently happening
May 12 Manhatten, Kansas - Ghost Parlor w/ Vehicle Blues
I’m specifically interested in cognitive enhancement. This kind of enhancement would try to improve how the human mind acquires, processes, stores and retrieves information. (More generally, we can speak of “neural enhancement” which would also target emotional and motivational capacities. Drawing a dividing line between cognitive capacities and these other capacities is difficult and, perhaps, pointless since the same basic philosophical issues arise in relation to enhancing both and, indeed, to enhancing any human capacity).
i for one am fine! no regrets and no hangover. we had a great time sitting, eating, drinking and visiting. it really is one of the highlights of living along the parade route, at some point, everyone comes to you. all you need to do is smile and wave back! i would have posted some pictures, but after the first one, they just seemed to go downhill. (note to self: make sure we have a designated photographer next year)
Rose Garden Handmade Lotion Soap – This softly scented Handmade Lotion Soap has a dark color from the ground rose buds that I added to deepen the rose scent of this soap. Perfect for a ladies powder room. This soap would also add a wonderful rose scent to your delicates when placed in a drawer with them.
Kate Gajdosik ... Jane Binkow
We have now been here for five months, if you can believe it. We can’t, the time has passed pretty quickly for us. We are settled into our house, into school, and sports. I can’t say that the boys are completely happy to be here now, but they are definitely adjusting. It helps that they leave for school at 7:30 and don’t return until after 4 PM. That leaves little time for brooding and complaining. School is a good thing.
Brown Boi Music updates:
It is a Ánything Goes'challenge and you have to use one re-cycled item on your project.
So doing the research for WIXI Robot has involved me in an exciting few weeks of catching up - reading everything I can about all that's happened in the 'field' since I slid through the gap in the fence. I'm particularly interested in the progress that robots have made in learning to speak with humans - some, but, as the guy on telly used to say, not a lot. Language understanding is, for a myriad fascinating reasons, one of the hardest tasks in AI.
After spending the offseason working on his hitting approach (Jackson got rid of his leg kick and shortened his stride to the ball), the center fielder came through with an impressive start to the season. Jackson went 3 for 5 and delivered the game-winning single down the third base line in the ninth inning to score pinch runner Danny Worth and lift the Tigers to a 3-2 win over the Boston Red Sox.
And those two had reservations about just one part — seats on the Interagency Council on Homelessness designated specifically for represents of organizations that serve homeless youth and homeless families. Not, I think, a make-or-break.
I saw quite an amusing poll on Y! Naija. It was a poll on which nigerian is changing the image of nigeria for the best and the options were:
The Deputy Prime Minister’s wife then unveiled a plaque with the submarine’s name and called upon “Allah to bless her and all who serve and sail with her”.
Kola nut has been reported to interact with tricyclic antidepressant medications and with MAO inhibitors. In general, patients taking any medication for anxiety or depression should consult their physician before taking preparations containing kola nut.
Efforts to reach Charnley yesterday at Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd., a Mauritius-based company, were unsuccessful. She didn’t respond to a text message sent to her mobile phone and a call seeking comment today.
My children, especially my oldest two (ages 13 and 14), were quite taken with the 3-d graphics (you can view a demo - here), and clear depictions of the animals' anatomy, even if they where disappointed with the lack of an earth worm lab. I was thrilled to find easy to follow, in depth, high school level lessons, that take no prep or additional teaching on my part. I'm free to learn along with the children, instead of trying to stay one step ahead of them.
Run Wear
Kamla has out-PNMed the PNM with the hand-out mentality.
”There has been no large increase in the relative expenditure devoted to basic necessities of life as might be commonly perceived,” the report says.
This is a recipe I invented to give myself a quick easy butter chicken when I don't feel like going through the hassle of making the entire sauce from scratch. Using a Korma sauce as a base and tweaking it a bit will give you a very nice dinner with minimal effort!
Poll methodology varies, but currently the support for the long-suffering KKE, the Communist Party of Greece, an old Soviet style Marxist party, prominent in the protest movement and known for denying the true scale of Stalin’s atrocities is running at around 10%. SYRIZA, the Coalition of the Radical Left, and the democratic socialist party DIMAR, the Democratic Left, are both recording similar results. That gives anti-austerity leftist parties, before the crisis either non-existent or with only fringe support, with a level of support that rivals the mainstream coalition.
Nightwave – Night Bird
3tsp - cumin
2010.08.27 Nigeria Borno 3 0 Boko Haram Islamists shoot three policemen to death in two drive-bys.
Glitz Design "Beautiful Dreamer" Journaling Cardstock Stickers
Due to the offset of the bulk of the upright from the steering axis, the design at first appears to offer a lot of King Pin Inclination (KPI), but closer examination of the ball joints shows them to be relatively normal for an F1 car. An increased KPI angle creates more camber change through steering.
Cussin' In Tongues by Legendary Shack Shakers
“Well, we ought to do something, anyway,” Hermel concluded finally.
Priority for this month - yes in order!!!
I really did have a great weekend . I had to serve in the nursery for the second service on Sunday , so we got up early to make it to the first service at 9. Throughout the two hospital stays that my son had this month and my husband being home with him for two weeks , my son of course has gotten super attached . Not that he wasn’t attached to us before , but he could be independent from us . He , as yet, hadn’t gone through a separation anxiety phase. Well , it’s here. Most people will tell you that children will go through that after having been really sick or something like that has happened. Last week was his first week back to daycare and he did very well. The anxiety only shows up every once in a while. This Sunday ,they had moved him up to the next stage class, now that he can walk well and keep up with the older kids, 2-3 yrs old. He had had a crabby morning to start with ,and being left in childcare for church in a whole new room was just too much. We didn’t make it to the offering before his # came up on the screen. My husband , his name is Josh , made a beeline for the door to go get him . They sat on the couch in the foyer for service. So I sat and enjoyed service by myself.
flame eternal like a dance of the mystical
Michael on the phone with his brother Brad: Did you see the NYT article about Lawrence v. Texas? Is the American public really so stupid that they don’t know heterosexuals violate the sodomy laws all the time? Brad, you need to get out of Georgia. Do you want to stay with us?
So strong and powerful in its light.
- Posted from my iPhone - please 'scuse mistakes!!
- For more…you can visit www.mymemories.com and look through the website, check out the digital scrapbook pages, embellishments and tell me which set is your favorite.
Here’s another preview of my top 25 countdown of the best songs of 06-09:
1 e
The bill’s chief sponsors are Rep. Kevin Priola (Henderson) and Sen. Kent Lambert (Colorado Springs).
Start by painting the green background. This may require a picture or a very good eye for what you want to do. Be creative! I used darker shades on the edges (thicker, undiluted paint colours) to map out the parts I will black/outline.
we're kicking off our Girl Land Blog Hop!
36) I was date raped when I was 13, and that's how I lost my virginity. I don't recommend it, even as a conversation piece.
Since there are only 1-2 people who actually follow this blog, I'll just assume you are caught up. Now that I know I'm in charge of the keeping you updated, though, I'll be sure to post more often than once per 20 month period. In the meantime, however, you'll have to be patient because it's late and I'm tired.
The response from Umno Home Minister Hishammuddin Hussein was a study in contrast to Khalid’s. It was clear Hisham was laying the ground for the Najib administration’s next course of action – to blame the Pakatan and Bersih for instigating the unruliness.
Full, Full, Full of Love is a wonderful picture book (32 pages), written by Trish Cook and illustrated by Paul Howard. Bright and colorful pictures tell the story of a Sunday when Jay Jay's Mama leaves him at Grannie's house while she goes to get Dad.
In between washing piles of ski clothes and vomit from the 2 year old's car seat (tantrum, chunky pizza, please don't ask me anymore...) I thought I'd pop in and say hello.
“It’s amazing, isn’t it?” Elise said quietly to her daughter. Creme could only nod.
Today is a good start to prepare for an election that will shape our nations destiny.
“Great,” said Anne, fixing my shirt collar and stroking my jumper down flat and respectable. She straightened herself, ditched her cigarette, and followed me in, the two of us looking like liberal bank workers or people with money pretending we had none. When the young girl heard us talking in English she glanced up and sang a big friendly “Bonjour!”
banana blueberry
I’d estimate a fifth of my time has been spent pining for lost loves. Mind you, there’s been a fair amount of multitasking going on. I’d also estimate a fifth of my energy has gone in to trying to win them back. It’s amazing how much of what we men of adventure do, we do for women. I’d also say that a fifth of all the tears I’ve wept have been devoted to these women. Dear me, have I truly wept so often? Yes, I suppose I have. I’ve wept so often I could cry.
They’re PUBLIC: Great sketchnotes create a “map” of the presentation that provides a visual summary for others to read and explore. More and more sketchnotes are shared online, giving people views into both the content that was being presented, as well as the point-of-view of the sketchnoter.
I wanted to rest there,
Doppelbock: Rich, sweet, malty, meant for meat. You haven’t lived until you’ve enjoyed Bavarian-style pork knuckle with Doppelbock.
And yes, you can tell I’m all about books, since I based three separate silent auction theme packs around books. We’ve got the zombie one. We’ve got a Titanic 100th themed one, and we’ve got an awesome “beach reads” bag.
Until then... I will blog in the middle of the night.
It’s an old expression
Growing up in an academically focused missions home, I saw first hand the irreversible impact that education has on the life of an individual; combined with the love of Jesus, education has the undeniable ability to transform mentalities & whole nations.
Barbeque grills can range from extremely cheap to very expensive depending on the type and features available on it.
Sizzix: Snowflakes Embossing folder.
OF COURSE THEY FUCKING DON'T!
The decor probably hasn't changed a great deal since then, either. The front of this Montparnasse bar/restaurant is pretty unassuming, so I was pleasantly surprised to walk in and find such a charming and warm little spot with its comforting 30's vibe and white jacket clad barmen. The bar stools are packed like sardines along the counter, but there are plenty of tables and chairs for those who might want a bit more space (or to sample something off their dinner menu).
1. If you were forced to change the name of your blog what would you change it to?
We also have a sister-in-law who is in ICU with interstitial lung disease. Unfortunately, she likely won't make it. She is my age (in fact, we went to high school together; I've known Diane for 36 years now), and they have 2 daughters in their early 20s. My husband's brother is devastated, as are our nieces. Diane is heavily sedated and is on a ventilator. Doctors are trying a new medication that seems to be helping her body to relax enough to absorb the oxygen a bit better... but she likely won't make it. And if she does, she'll surely need to be on oxygen for whatever time she has left. A lung transplant was taken off the table for now, at least, as she would have to be transported to another hospital more than an hour away, and she wouldn't survive the trip.
For the 18 miler, I’ll run from the flat, to Glasgow Green, up through George Sq, St Vincent Street, Buchanan Street, Sauchihall Street, Woodlands, Park Gardens, Great Western Road, Byres Road, back down to the Clyde, then over the river, over the M8, down Nithsdale Road, along Allison Street to Aitkenhead Road, up horrible Prospecthill Road (14 miles in – ouch), left at Cathcart Road, Battlefield, Shawlands/ Minard Road, Titwood Road, Dumbreck Road, Moss Park Blvd, Bellahouston. (If I remember the route that is!)
history, there flow the stealthy undercurrents of the secret societies, which frequently determine in the depths the changes that take place upon the surface.”
Lower floor sitting area; the angles are non-rectilinear creating intrigue amongst the primarily neutral color palette in the space. The floor lamps have a tripod metal base and the windows are shaped as pentagons which contrasts against the linear wood panels on the walls and ceiling.
Those who followed the case closely already knew this was Nifong’s party line—the N&O’s Ben Niolet had revealed it in a devastating profile of the district attorney. (The item was one of dozens of facts N&O broke about the case. The total number of accurate Herald-Sun scoops? One, coming in mid-November and regarding the accuser's one-time supervisor at the strip club, Yolanda Haynes. Editor Bob Ashley complained, mysteriously, that the paper lacked good sources on the case.) But few in the national media, it appeared, read the N&O, and Nifong’s admission was major news.
The following is my response to her post, verbatim:
5. My (not so secret) crush is Enrique Iglesias.
4 Fs- Freedom, Foods, Family and Friends
1 tsp lemon extract
Needless to say, I packed my bags and experienced some of the best days of my life in Uganda—offering God’s comfort to His troubled women.
and bridal murmurs
Beautiful Cassandra is a Were, a prophet both vulnerable and defiant, blessed with visions that portend the fate of the world. A rare and delicate creature, Cassie must be protected at all costs. Enter Caine, a powerful cur turned pureblooded Were whose recent tangles with a demon lord have left him in serious need of redemption. Caine is duty-bound to keep Cassie out of danger—and that means resisting his potent urge to seduce her…
Thanks to all those who took part.
what smoke of harps.
James gave Oregon football its swagger. He gave college football’s fashion kings the right to wear different swag every week. He added to the joy that is Oregon Duck football. Here are some of the LaMichael James highlights.
Proceedings of the National Electronics Conference, Volume 2
In order to help others, you must always first help yourself.
i would love to send a copy of the Christy Nockels cd to
As a ‘thank you’ I got some lovely goodies, and the stamp I used for today’s cards was one of those: it is Faye Whittaker ‘All Our Yesterdays’ by Joanna Sheen Rubber Stamps. As you will see, just as well that I live in Hoylake an old Victorian Seaside Resort. Those of you who remember the TV programe ‘Candi Cabs’, the one with the pink taxis, … which was screened a couple of years ago … it was filmed right here on my doorstep … almost, more like around the corner by the new Lifeboat Station.
7 random facts about myself...
The CD's sound quality was meh, however. While obviously soundboard, and from a master, the "mastering" - or what passes for it - is shit. It's been so long - 17 years? - since I've heard the original LP pressing that I have not a clue if the CD is faithful or not. Regardless, the CD mastering needs a fair bit of help.
Lately, my rides have been short (between 6 and 15 miles) and kept within the city limits. I have been spending more time exploring the bike boulevards of Berkeley, which are picturesque and calm with wide roads and amazing houses all around. The only sounds I have to accompany me are birds and the click of my chain and cassette, both of which are gentle and unobtrusive. I have been riding these streets with friends mostly, but want to get there solo and take some photos. There will be a longer post on this part of the world later, when there is photographic, rather than only anecdotal, evidence of its loveliness.
Caramelizing the Molds
Welcome back to another Craft Your Passion Monday Challenge!! I loved looking at all the cute entries from last weeks photo Inspiration and seeing how you were all inspired differently!!
Ding dong
The entire series will be made published as a single document in pdf format after the final part is posted at Gates of Vienna.
Meanwhile, a solicitor called Sophie Khan is whipping up a Twitter storm to try to ‘out’ Inspector Gadget, following this post, where he (or she) calls her out on her suggestion that all police officers are racists and members of the BNP. Interesting, not least because there are several thousand black and Asian officers in the police. Insulting, too; Copperfield is married to an Indian, Bloggs is no racist and Gadget could not be a BNP supporter for reasons I won’t go into. Plus, if s/he was, we wouldn’t publish her/him. Ms Khan isn’t the first to try to find the good Inspector, and I doubt she’ll be the last. (If you’re reading this, I have a price, Sophie: £50k should do it.)
These works are on view at the California State Fair from July 14 through August 1st. For event information, please go to BigFun.org
Call for Proposals: Disability in America: Voices of a New Generation
Perhaps. Perhaps he could just stay within the water. Yes. Beneath the water. Forever.
Zva Creative quietly stepped into the craft industry in the fall of 2008, but it wasn’t until CHA winter 2009 that people started to get to know Zva. The tiny 10x10’ booth that Zva had during that trade show was crowded by attendees from the beginning to the end of the show and from that point on Zva has become known in the industry. As more and more people have gotten to know Zva they have fallen in love with her beautiful and high-quality crystal and pearl self-adhesive designs. There is more to their story please go HERE to read more!
Stamp: Papertrey Ink
and refine. Man tried to follow the Master’s touch,
What an intriguing thing to say. In some ways, I definitely agree; I mean, there is certainly plenty of artistry in parenting, at least more than there is science. But molding your children is something I struggle with. I mean, a child is not a piece of clay to be molded at your desire into your ideal image or any other one. These and other metaphors - some artistic, some not, and most of them seemingly non-threatening - are woven all throughout mainstream parenting culture. While they do provide us with some ready sound bites to describe what we're going through, however, there are no metaphors that accurately capture what I try to do as a parent.
And dreams can only lead to pain.
Upon closer inspection, or rather staring at it blankly, he realized the Sun was a glorified ball of flame. It didn’t have the solar and blinding aspect the standard sun did. It calmed him slightly to think of it as a giant torch light rather than a miniature sun. Any pictures he had seen of his sun portrayed it as volatile and chaotic. No matter how much it was scaled down, if this would have been the same thing, there would be no way for the land below to survive.
Ink: Memento tuxedo black (Tsukineko), so saffron (SU), Copic markers
Nally is being charged with…Nally now faces more charges including kidnapping, domestic battery and 29 counts of animal cruelty. How much time does that get you behind bars? If it gets you 10 years, Nally will be 30 once released and the human slayings will begin. What’s your take? As for the woman who moved in with him, who can imagine what was going on in her mind?
On Wednesday (18 April) Whimsy Stamps released this month's new rubber designs and new Shapeology dies. From then until 24 April the Whimsy Stamps DT and Special Guests are showcasing these fabulous new goodies with a daily mini blog hop and I am part of today’s hop!
Fear can take many insidious forms–pride, ambition, greed, etc.–but make no mistake, any end that serves the individual will over the Divine is based on some surreptitious sort of fear: fear that I will never be good enough, fear that I will never be secure enough, fear that I will always be alone, fear that I have no purpose. Essentially, these fears are all reactions to the stark revelation that we are mortal and will some day perish. (Unless, of course, we make the difficult and labor intensive choice to embrace the Divine, to become eternal and real.) A false representation of love, a force that attempts to act in love’s stead but not towards love’s ends, fear is “the Lie.”
The Yucatan region draws visitors with dreamy beaches and fascinating archaeological wonders but I think the cuisine deserves just as much attention. Ancient Mayan cooking techniques and ingredients like the chaya pictured above, meld with Spanish spices to create some of the tastiest dishes in Mexico. There's a dizzying array of Yucatecan specialties but these are five of my favorites:
Southwest has traditionally served smaller, regional airports like Dallas Love Field instead of DFW, and destinations like Louisville, KY instead of Boston, MA. Well, guess what? They serve Boston directly now. They're back in San Francisco, and they have a presence at NY LaGuardia and Newark--all expensive places. They're not the little airline that could anymore. They're a huge carrier, and the most profitable by far of US airlines. As recently as 5 years ago, they were the closest thing to a "populist" airline as there was: no first class, no preferential treatment, no option to pay more and get more.
Photography : Mark Segal
1. Pour the dried peas in a medium pot and cover with about two times as much water. Place over a medium flame, bring to a boil, then allow to simmer 30-40 minutes, stirring often to avoid burning.
Through you runs something similar to an electrical current running through a toaster or television, let’s call this your ‘bio-energy’.
"Have a Piece!
Here’s the point. Everyone has a story, and every story is worth telling. Every person alive on the planet today has a unique set of circumstances and life experiences that sets them apart from all others; each one an original, like a strand of DNA encoded in a one of a kind, God-created, ultra-unique fashion. With the world’s population at somewhere around seven billion, it’s easy to simply take people for granted and watch them flow by us in an endless river of humanity and pay no attention to the thoughts in their minds, the feelings of their hearts or the condition of their souls. Doing so doesn’t make us wrong or insensitive, but I believe we need to stop every once in a while and consider a couple of things. First, no two of us are the same. The Bible tells us that God has created each of us in His own image, and yet we’re completely different from each other, with differing personalities and spirits. (That to me is mind-blowing in itself.) Every person alive has a God-ordained purpose to discover, develop and deliver to humanity. Second, we’d do ourselves and each other a great service to consider where people are coming from and where they are going. What do I mean by this? Consider the person you encounter in the checkout line at the grocery store during your daily routine: Are they happy? Are they struggling with something? Do they know how special they truly are in the eyes of God or do they feel worthless and without hope? Does the police officer driving his patrol car secretly wish he could bring someone some ‘good’ news every once in a while? Does the over-zealous professional lie awake at night wishing he or she would actually spend the necessary time it takes to develop a healthy relationship with their spouse and children? What about the recently unemployed, middle-aged drive thru attendant at your local fast food joint; do they have a dream of accomplishing something amazing that has been squelched over time by eroding winds of life? How often do we cross paths with someone who has just experienced something wonderful in life and just wants to explode with joy, but has no immediate outlet to do so? How about the homeless man pushing his entire life around in a shopping cart? What brought him to this place in life? Was he always there? Does he have a family; and if so where are they now? If he doesn’t, what happened to them? Does he ever feel loved?
-Beat the special crown level
Let us love one another as we journey along.
Ressurrection Graves
San Francisco’s past and present mayors, Gavin Newsom and Ed Lee, and California Attorney General Kamala D. Harris greeted the President on the tarmac. He then made his way over to the corral of invited guests. Time started to stand still. Secret Service scanned the crowd with intense stares (it was apparent they took their jobs very seriously), but Obama looked cool and calm as he genuinely engaged everyone. He moved slowly down the line. Our good friend Bernard Antolin (editor-in-chief of Acquiremag.com) dodged the hand shake and opted for the fist-bump. Classic.
Ultimately, it isn’t a self-help book that is going to get us through our problems. I will not deny that a self-help book is something that can lift our spirits and have potential to bring motivation and desire, but I don’t believe that it is a fix-all therapy. So many times I hear that we cannot simply get rid of sin and be okay, but that we need to replace the sin with fruit, something beneficial and positive. It seems similar to me, being in a rut. We cannot simply eliminate the emptiness or unhappiness in our lives, because it will just come back. This reminds me of a garden weed. You don’t just cut the weed at where you cannot see it anymore. You dig your hands in there and you rip out the entire root structure of the weed. Whether you’re religious or not, your actions or in-actions impact you and your emotions and characteristics on a greater scale than you think them to. Perhaps the expression “Mind over matter” is more true than we want it to be. My favorite quote ever, which is by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a good ending for this post.
I planned to take Lance to The Woodshed Smokehouse, a new restaurant by Tim Love...
They would have surely come with true intent,
As much as I enjoy magic, and magic item shops, and schools of wizardry, to get the new feeling, to get the 'shinny' feeling, Dungeons and Dragons has to drop kick it to the curb. Oh sure, in an appendix, perhaps next to the wandering harlot one, put some notes about adding colleges of magic and magic item shops, but for the most part, in order to keep magic different and new and special, it has to be extremely limited and random.
8 oz. unsalted butter, softened
Cream butter and sugars until fluffy. Beat in eggs and vanilla.
*I mean not to imply that all cowboys are backward - that's why I'm singling out the category "backward cowboys".
I've always been intrigued as to how Koreans came to dominate the health food store/gourmet deli business in New York. I assumed immigrants would start a business incorporating a craft or skill they learned in their home country, but most items in these stores much less a 24 hour deli do not exist in Korea.
Penny Black's bunny (bunny bouquet 4067K) stamp gets lots of ink these days. I'm making some Easter cards and gifts using it as an image. It's so easy to colour and with AquaMarkers so fast to do. I have embossed the image with clear after stamping with Versafine black, it gives more shine and texture.
Here are the prepared remarks I delivered before last night's screening of Punch Drunk Love at the Doc Film Series at the University of Chicago. Its a collage of material taken mostly from the PDL chapter intro, some other parts of the chapter, and some last minute stuff thrown in. Not as in-depth as I would have liked, but its impossible to get very detailed in a 12-15 minute speech. js
“Well, I try to keep my word,” replied Hermel. After a brief conversation Bernie agreed to head back with Hermel to show him how to open the secret door, and give some advice if necessary. He wasn’t going to go further than that for him, but he’d do that much.
There’s one near Hot Springs, Arkansas.
My feet are off the ground
This kind of discussion of the motives and efficacy of the proposed pig eradication plan is entirely absent from Pollan’s exposition in The Omnivore’s Dilemma. Nor does Pollan address criticisms of the logic underlying ecosystem restoration plans. Shelton writes,
335: Scotch des Fagnes, spices and fruits, stro-hong, 8.5%
Georges is a man of few talents, yet he feels a sense of entitlement, harbouring bitter resentment against those in whom he perceives slights. This story of a deeply unsympathetic character, potentially doomed to unhappiness by his own limitless pursuit of status, is interesting and so is the film. Though 'Bel Ami' is also heavy-handed - peppered with cumbersome dialogue spoken by actors affecting rigid British accents in an attempt to play French characters - and overly glossy, shying away from showing much of the poverty that is ultimately to power Georges' desperate longing to move up in the world, whatever the cost to his personal happiness. Arguably, with its emphasis on finely embroidered corsets and shots of Pattinson's bum, the film is as superficial and self-important as its protagonist.
15. Gum or mints? Gum.
As I get older, I’m noticing more and more physical similarities between my immediate family and myself. Our feet for example. We all have almost the exact same feet: Toes evenly proportioned, our second toe is not longer than our big toe, our nails are thin and delicate and perfectly cover the tip of each phalange. Our feet, when properly manicured (which rarely happens) could quite possibly be model feet for a lovely pair of open toe heels, or flip-flops on the beach. There are no webbed toes among us, which is one of the attributes I adore about my husband’s own feet. (I secretly think they have something to do with why he’s such a good swimmer.)
But then, if Slogdoom is not your style, there is always the royal soap opera with the added value of a little doggie. With animals and royals in the same piece, you can't go wrong.
one topiary if you get far enough from it, one head of broccoli. Our eyeballs make walls
Opening image: Liz confronting Shaun in the Winchester, about how he always brings Ed around when she wants to be spending time alone, and that he never takes her anyplace new.
=drinking 3 full bottles of water a day (72oz)
3. If you do land a legacy deal, it will take 6 to 18 months before that book is for sale.
X.
AC: Is the food cooked at school or off-campus?
Instead, at 52, I am an independent crossbench peer and member of the joint committee on human rights (JCHR), which reports this week on its 12-month inquiry into disabled people’s right to independent living.
It worked out perfectly! I measured out all the olive oil and jerk seasoning to mix together so I could rub down the fillets and marinate for 30 mins, then set out to mix up all the flour and measure out the sugar and peanut butter for the cookies and get all the cookie making ingredients together. One short stop to let Patella out into the backyard to take care of business so she could eat dinner and a diaper change later, we were ready to start making dinner! I fried up the onions and garlic, tomato paste and rice and got the water in the pot so the rice could cook then pulled out the fillets and brought a frying pan to temperature, added a dash of olive oil – let the oil warm up and plopped in the salmon; and turned on the mixer to begin beating the eggs, sugar and peanut butter into a sweet, creamy base for the dry ingredients to follow.
Luke 10:1
Historically something of an East London vacuum – ‘but there’s no tube stations?’, goes the common, puzzled refrain from the rest of the capitol – the area has been on the up and up over the last few years. Some call it gentrification or mutter disapprovingly about hipsters, others are quick to point out that as much as some areas of the Borough have changed or ‘improved’, others are still struggling to make social and cultural ends meet. But however you see it, Hackney is increasingly become an excellent place to live.
I recall Mr Howe making a documentary in the West Midlands regarding relationships between the black and Asian communities. Asian youths told him to clear off or they were going to 'mash him up.' I would have thought that Mr Howe would have learnt then and since that young people of all races in many communities are out of control for all the reasons previously outlined.
It was just like you would see in a movie, we embraced and kissed, you know the kind of kiss... a full on DNA swapping kind of kiss. We had been waiting for over three weeks to see each other again and we finally had our moment. I don't think either one of us thought about the several hundred people walking past us as we kissed. It just felt great to hold a man and to kiss someone that I have been thinking about every day since Christmas.
—David Gissen, California College of the Arts/Author of Subnature: Architecture’s Other Environments (htcexperiments.org)
Some people want to go to a beach, mountains, or a scenic drive. There are many different flavors of each. For instance, for a beach, do you want secluded or crowded, calm or big surf, hot or cold?
2-Link to one of my posts that I personally think best fits the following categories:
Kirn opens with Bingham proclaiming, “To know me you have to fly with me.” By the end of the novel we know Bingham better than any one else. He has shared his deepest secrets with me. And I sympathize.
I was looking forward to taking a shower upon returning home. Cold showers after a sweaty adventure outside is one of the things about summer that I enjoy. Sure…it’s just a shower to get clean, but it is such a great feeling! Especially drenching your head in cold water. The cold shower felt so good after my run, it inspired me to write about it…ha!
I was in awe listening to the faith and perseverance of Abera. What a fantastic believer. What a fantastic man. Then he gave some advice for those who evangelize and plant churches. He said, “First you suffer, then you win. That is the way that it happens.” Many of the people who beat him became Christians now and not only that, some are even evangelists going and taking the gospel to others.
and the paper claimed he committed suicide
2-14-2012
People please note that the new iPad had experienced battery, overheating and wifi issues.
When I first came to Japan in 1990, I was astonished that the Statute of Limitations for murder was fifteen years in this country. That meant that if the police didn’t arrest a murderer within that time, it would be impossible to charge him with the crime…even if he publicly confessed.
106. Lay has been well known since childhood, because once he frequently appears on TV Show.
In order to enter one must dress to impress. For Men:collared shirt, well-fitting jeans or slacks(sagging jeans will get you kicked out), and dress shoes. For Women: A dress and heels is the usual but professional attire is also accepted.
Professor Elemental is a hip-hop MC like no other, combining the worlds of steampunk and chap-hop with a love for adventure, invention and the quintessential British cup of tea. M3 had a chat with Elemental about the benefits of social media, the disadvantages of copyright and his upcoming TV pilot…
I’ve also tried planting marigolds to attract lady bugs. I got one or two but being on the 10th floor in the heart of the city has its disadvantages… There were a few lady bugs and they did help but not enough to control the population.
The pharmaceutical industry has a long history of producing drugs that fight infections or conditions but have side effects that cause conditions as bad or worse than the original illness. The practice of using natural substances to cure illnesses is consistently under pressure from lobby groups infiltrated by the drug companies. These groups use misinformation and so-called experts to argue that natural substances and their derivatives are ineffective and should be banned or tightly regulated. These experts, usually doctors paid by the pharmaceutical companies, often argue that the use of natural medicines is preventing people from taking real medicines that are more effective.
1/2 ounce sweet dried orange peel
Stealing Breath
Common Grackle 29
Born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1926, to Irish-American Protestant parents, Donleavy was raised in the Bronx, attended the Naval Academy Preparatory School and, after a stint with the US Navy during World War II, applied and was accepted to Trinity College Dublin – due mainly, he later said, to a combination of good luck and the administration’s ignorance. Donleavy arrived at Trinity in 1946 and quickly became a patron of all the illustrious drinking dens where he met Patrick Kavanagh, John Ryan and Brendan Behan. Recalling his first encounter with Behan Donleavy once said: “He had just been released from prison then. He was in the IRA and I was surrounded by his cronies. As the afternoon’s joke, the two of us were introduced to each other as writers.” Both men of temper with fists-at-the ready, the two of them were squaring off to have a fight outside the pub within five minutes. It was the beginning of a tumultuous but enduring friendship. Behan was, in fact, after breaking into Donleavy’s cottage, the first person to read the manuscript of The Ginger Man. He scribbled intermittently throughout the bulk, interpolating it with little comments such as: “Leave this in,” “Take this out”, before concluding, with great prescience, that the “book will go around the world.” And so it did, several times over.
and this is because of a message
Alex: “Not if you’re Scottish.”
The Muslim scripture actually condemns the Christians for believing that Jesus is God’s Son, saying that Allah will fight against them for believing in such a thing:
-9x12 heavy paper for background (we used tagboard)
Used for buzzing around the place
Since losing my mother in 1988, Mother's Day has always been a day I dreaded. It has been a day that I've wanted to just pull the covers over my head and forget. As a child, making Mom's Day crafts, for an alternate family member or inviting an alternate family member to a Mother's Day banquet was almost like twisting a knife in a wound. For me it was always a reminder of what wasn't, of what I desperately missed and yet would never know. I ached, a piece of me missing, a gaping wound in my broken heart that no one else could fill.
The most recent controversy stems from the new CoD Black Ops commercial currently airing on TV every 10 minutes. If you haven't seen it, it features live actors in a live war scene from all walks of life. You've got the chubby librarian firing an M-16 like it's cool, the savvy businesswoman taking out the enemy like she's taking out the garbage, a celebrity basketball player throwing grenades, and the talk show host ducking for cover, while the short order cook takes out the bad guy with a couple of glocks. Personally, I think it is an amazing commercial and, regardless of the fact that war games are not my cup of tea, it makes even me excited to play a game like Black Ops. But I don't as per the reasons listed above. The controversy lies within the fact that rather than show visuals of the game, there are real people in a real scene showing "real" violence.
This is largely a myth: "...wearing a bra... has no medical necessity whatsoever", says Susan M. Love, M.D in her "Dr. Susan Love's Breast Book". This is similar to the myth that women supposedly need corsets to support their stomach muscles.
In the 1970's this place was 25 acres, now has spread to over 60. But in more than doubling the size of the zoo, there's obviously been a few causalities over the years, and one of them stares you in the face, the moment you set foot outside the 'Orangutan Forest' enclosure. There, right in front of you are the ruins of an 800 year old church - All Saints. I certainly don't remember that being there in the 1970's!
when she made it but didn't really think I will be the one to get the card since I was the one who suggested the theme and I am the one who has swing in the 'name'=) It would be too much of a coincidence but coincidences happen in life and I won:D Yay! So I now got that swing to hang in my room;)
All of these new pieces only just released today. That means that the Demdaco sales reps can now begin to introduce these items to retailers. It will take a bit of time for stores to receive their first orders.
I see the Occupy Wall St. movement as another harbinger of a growing world-wide movement for a change in the way we live on Earth. It may not be articulated as such but people need something to work for rather than laboring to produce more and more useless stuff from dwindling supplies. Better to do nothing rather than dig one more oil well in deep water or pave one more wetland for a big box store full of goods most of us neither need nor can afford. Now that unemployment has reached massive proportions many of us are already learning to live with less than we thought we needed. Understanding that true wealth lies in a new era of progress without growth might be a smaller step than we realize. The Transition Movement is already gaining some ground in building healthy communities with thriving economies and healthy natural environments.
Once rolled, fresh pasta should be dusted with semolina (preferably) or flour to keep it from sticking if you’re not going to cook it right away. You can lay it on a semolina- or flour-dusted baking sheet or linen kitchen towel, until ready to boil. Or drape it over a suspended rolling pin or pasta drying rack until ready to use.
Hope you had a great Halloween! We got no trick or treaters again this year, but to be honest, I'm fine with that!! I usually associate it with being egged...so I'd rather not open the door!
Heat blazes, brow pricks.
I'll let these photos speak for themselves, from here on in (hardly an exhaustive selection, but some of the most memorable pieces, to my mind:
Thank you all so much for sharing.
- Canvas lining
I’m picky about documentation. I freely admit it. I embrace it. I get up on my soap box and preach it on a regular basis. I do my best to document everything. My genealogy program prompts me to enter the source material and do so correctly. I set it up to do this every time I enter new information. Have I always been good about documenting? No, I have made all kinds of mistakes when it comes to documentation. I have little scraps of paper with info on them but not source. I have no idea where the information came from but wish I did. I learned my lesson.
your warm heart
I wonder what decision will be made about Mila now.
Before you start the next section, you may like to clear the terminal window of the previous commands so the output of the following commands can be clearly understood.
The last few weeks have seen City claw back an eight-point deficit at the top of the table and it is only the second time in 32 years that they have completed a league double over United.
Thanks for stopping by… talk to you later, Judy
The original deal for operating Iraq‘s largest field – half as big as the entire North Sea – has been rewritten so that BP will be immediately compensated for civil disruption or government decisions to cut production.
(My recipe for buttercream is quite a large quantity – feel free to halve it…I like to eat left over icing…the more left over then the more for Poppy!)
NFL Comparison: Lance Moore
The headset IS comfortable, it is small and lightweight and does not flop around, I find that I prefer it to the Plantronics for this reason when I am walking around.
"I Won't Back Down" by Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers
I must say it turned out beautifully and just how I was hoping it would. The chandelier from IKEA also made a big difference. The plastic light that was in there before was just hideous. It reminded me of something you see in Furrs Cafeteria and hospitals. Gross! Who would want to get dressed in a room like that?
Both fast and slow.
When you knew the truth?
WEEK 10: Create A Home Mail Organizing Center
Michael Horn, 27, Lynbrook, N.Y.
Quelling your urge to rush will enable you to witness yourself learning, changing, and becoming stronger. There is so much to see and do in between the events and processes that we deem definitive.
I’ve been told that should you believe something to be right, then there is a moral obligation to tell others, let them know the errors of their ways… steer them towards what is correct. I don’t subscribe to this train of thought. Does that make me lazy? Uncaring? Unfeeling? Not invested in my fellow human beings or in mankind generally? Who knows? There is a general tendency for people to mistake quietness for acquiescence and agreement. I do have my own thoughts, beliefs and viewpoints about the way life should be. But just because I’m not trying to convince you of that does not mean that I do not have conviction regarding my beliefs.
What a racket.
Edit: I also want to say that although my body is sore I do feel pretty good about myself. I'm also excited to after this 5K to begin training for a 60K on my bike.
He said: "I told the candidates and the parties that they had to abide by the election rules."
Here is the base color I used for this mani. It's a pastel pink creme from the brand Astor. The name of the polish is actually a number, it's 133. This polish is part of a spring limited edition (2012).
My absence even caused me to miss my one year blogiversary last week. This is where I was supposed to make something special to share with you and thank you all for following, reading and commenting on the blog. All these sentiments stand true, albeit a week late, I really have enjoyed sharing recipes and stories with you. So to start making up for lost time, I am giving away a copy of this new cookbook, the Southern Farmer's Market Cookbook, that I just purchased for myself and am anxious to use. I am eager to see how it combines two great loves of mine, southern cuisine and farmer's markets. Just leave a comment on this post by 11:59 p.m Friday evening, telling me your favorite Southern dish. I will pick a winner using a random number generator and send you your very own copy.
I love how it turned out. He's a genius and a sweetheart for doing all that work for something I wanted.
Beginning this evening and continuing until Friday, May 16, 2008, artwork created by students from Halton’s seventeen public high schools will be showcased in an art exhibition titled State of the Art. The annual event will take place at Gary Allan High School, 3250 New Street in Burlington.
The fourth phase (if applicable) is known as “Reverse culture shock"
Today at work we were talking about who is going to be the male bartender on Monday's and Asian Situation said we should have Steve bartend, well that would work except Steve tends to not play nice when idiots are around and will bite them if they don't tip him well. We were laughing because we could put Steve on the schedule and realized that a fictional character of mine and T-bone's imagination just wouldn't suffice. Steve has become a trend through out some of the staff but is still making his way into the popular inner circle. We would like to invite you to use Steve as our mascot and use phrases such as: Dont pet the Steve, Steve is coming to the bar, Steve needs a drink, Steve is out of control, Steve doesn't like when you do that, etc etc. The more this catches on the funnier it will be. If you want a shirt after seeing our awesome design we can get them made for you.
He would remain on full pay until all the appeal processes were completed, ANC spokesman Jackson Mthembu said. - Sapa
My curiosity was piqued. Who is this guy? I became a regular reader of his stories. His style was distinctive,
The Washington brain-trust chooses another QB: Kirk Cousins from Michigan St.
"Of course I can! But take me hand though OK? I'm a little bit wet pet and I don't want to slip again!"
Love is not the dream, that our every similarity seems to consist,
I used all but one of the Spellbinders' crosses in the set, layering each up using glue gel for dimension but I then added to this further by cutting two of the fleur de lis 'circles' & used gel glue again to attach them behind my cross. I then found a large pearl for the centre. Attached to the second of the triangle's sides, the third side is for the 'to' & 'from'.
Silence is a sound that destroys the strong,
salt (see lemon juice)
Hawker Beechcraft has been working with lenders to restructure its massive debt load, and has indicated that the company’s future is in doubt if those negotiations are not successful. The company, operating on a 90-day reprieve from interest payments on its loans, is widely believed by analysts to be headed toward a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing. Company executives, however, have been optimistic about the progress of those negotiations.
Don't forget the details? Perhaps. But don't forget the big picture either.
Jim's next blog post is dedicated to a series of questions and answers on my poetry and will be published on his blog next week.
I’ve always enjoyed looking at the way the western evolved over the years. There’s a, fairly common, misconception that the spaghetti western just kind of exploded onto the scene in a genre busting blaze of immorality and violence. However, that’s a superficial reading of things; the foundations were being laid a decade before and the progression isn’t that hard to follow. Anyway, the consensus seems to hold that the spaghettis gave the traditional western a much needed jolt to shake it out of the doldrums it was in danger of slipping into. That’s hard to argue with, but I’m not sure the Hollywood western wasn’t heading in more or less the same direction of its own accord regardless of outside pressure. When you look at some examples of genre pieces from the mid-60s there are already indications of their straddling the two, seemingly irreconcilable, eras. Rio Conchos (1964) makes for interesting viewing in this context, having the trappings and look of the traditional oater but displaying an attitude and sensibility closer to the emerging European westerns.
Sometimes she brings it on herself though, being crazy and all.
As a woman, the man I am with will be number 2 and never a number 1. I don’t need some insecure dood whose self-worth lies in other women flirting with him while simultaneously taking a jab and disrespecting his g/f or SO or wife. If he isn’t secure enough in our relationship to know that I am with him based on my own desire of him and not what others think of him, then he needs to bounce and remain single.
Remember your honest answer and go to question 2.
5.take back your life
It actually took me a long time to try it in the first place – only yesterday. I got the game on release day, finished the campaign a few days ago, and have been playing either co-op vs AI or single player vs AI. The fact that I was getting owned against a medium AI had me very worried.
As of now, we are not 100% certain who will replace me, but we are absolutely positive that it is the Lord who has built this ministry and that it is the Lord who will sustain it.
Friday night my father and I went to an Italian wine tasting that was being held in the city. I think I tried some 20 wines that night! The wines were actually all really fabulous. I say “actually”, because I don’t know much about Italian wines and usually at wine tastings, I feel there’s a mix of good and not so good wines.
As previously mentioned I saw The Hunger Games in the theater. I was invited to a special pre-screening event by E-man and we doubled with some of his friends. It was way fun and you'd think that would be the most memorable event of that day, right? Well...not exactly.
5 days until pre-season starts. Looking forward to it.
To those women who are torn between their careers and their desire to have a family, I would suggest putting your desire for a family first. If you still want that career after you’ve had kids, it will still be out there for you to have. But if you let your desire for a family fall to the wayside, you may wake up one day and find it’s no longer an option for you and that your career can’t fill that void.
If none of these works, I have found that you can always rely on your primary contact at the foreign location to help you. You can email before your trip and say, “ I want you to know that I have not had any experience doing business in ____ (country). I want to learn from you and the other managers about the issues you are having there. Please give me a few tips on the proper way to act. I do not want to make any mistakes. I look forward to starting an ongoing and collaborative relationship with you.” ** CONTINUED IN NEXT POST – Part 3**
Finally, it was time to step into the big one – Screen 1. I had some idea of what to expect, having already seen pictures of the auditorium on Facebook, but walking in at the bottom with projection filling the rather large screen that makes up the entire end wall made quite an impact. Of course, given the sheer size of the projection area, I doubt the first five or so rows will prove all that popular. Similarly, the sheer width of the steeply-raked auditorium means that the seats on the far side – particularly from the front until about half-way up – will test your neck muscles rather severely.
Tag: Basic Grey - Urban Couture
Such new line of business shall increase the number and volume of businesses paying taxes to the treasury; therefore, it must get tax exemptions and subsidies. Businesses Creation shall be either a non-profitable organization; privately or publicly owned company; or a government-owned corporation.
Gorillaz and Demon Days have done well in both the United States and the United Kingdom, as well as their respective hit singles "Clint Eastwood", "Feel Good Inc." ,"19-2000", "DARE", "Dirty Harry" and "Kids With Guns / El Mañana".
Here are the rest of the TEAM S.A.S. cards using images from Saturated Canary and Karen's Doodles. Click on any of the names to go to their blogs for more details on the cards and inspiration. First up are our newest members of TEAM S.A.S.:
I agree that the old school method of having to fill little ice cube trays is both tedious and slow. And I ALWAYS spill water on the floor when travelling from the sink to the freezer… But I don’t think I’ve ever had ice cubes from an ice maker that didn’t smell funny. And not ‘ha ha’ funny. I prefer my ice non-smelly.
You’ve been sold by your parents to to pay off a debt they incurred to loan sharks. Fearful and alone, you've been sent to work in the prostitution trade in Bangkok. Ahead of you is a life of misery and degradation. There is no way out. No hope.
The classes will be taught by Southwest staff.
It was tough since I am writing out of my comfort zone but I am pleased at the way this little M/M short story played out. I hope readers enjoy Cal and Alex’s beginning. I have plans for them in the future as well so you may see them again.
Athena, or rather the spindoctors who created her myths, resolved this paradox by downplaying her femininity. She was a virgin (and thus free from the cycles of pregnancy, birth and lactation). She was born, fully-armed, from the head of Zeus. She was depicted as Athena Promachos, fighting on the front-line with spear and armour in defence of her city. She was "all for the father". She has a walk-on role at the end of the Oresteia, where she turns up to cast her vote against the Furies, representatives of vengeance and ancestral irrationality: the old goddesses, in other words.
Republic of Viet Nam Service Medal, 1970
When I ordered, I was given a choice of a small, medium, or large box. The box contents were “supposedly” listed on on the website so that you could see what you would be ordering. I was okay with the selection, although there weren’t any quantities listed. I knew that it was going to be russian roulette as far as that went and this was again, experimental.
Anyway.....Today I wanted to share with you a layout I did using the April kit from The Sampler. I know, I keep going on about how much I love this kit, and I do. It has been so versatile. A Book of Me page, pictures of Ainsley and Lili playing in the yard, and today....
Why? Because it was so so so so boring to read this proposal. It was very painful.
The kids are still asleep and they will be beyond EXCITED to hear the news.
It tells us that the laws of India SHALL NOT discriminate against any one based upon their sex. Yet we see so many laws that inherently are discriminatory against men.
“I think if one is talking about breaking the logjam, and bringing certainty and clarity and speed to the project,” Schick responded, “there are very few virtues.”
Aroma: The first impression is of grain. A second visit reveals slight fresh-cut hay aromatic. A final nose-dive continues the fresh-cut hay aromas.
I do believe there is a difference between disassociating where you are in the moment versus being hopeful or interested in a future event.
But wait a minute, Josh -- we didn't see any food. Not a cookie, not a cracker, or a strawberry dipped in chocolate, let alone London Broil. We thought that was one of the jokes of the afternoon. What do you feed several hundred Jews? Champagne!
And when white moths were on the wing,
All in all, I think crows are neat birds. I like hearing their “caws.” We had crows that would warn each other when a red-tailed hawk was in the area. To me, it looked like they were warning my squirrels. The squirrels knew what was going on and would hide-tail it up the nearest tree. Yep. My crows were looking out for the squirrels. What a great friend.
But his first release for the new millennium, Mela, in which he acted alongside his real-life brother Faisal Khan, doomed at the box-office. While in 2001 he appeared in Lagaan. The film was a major critical and commercial success, and received a nomination for Best Foreign Language Film at the 74th Academy Awards. Additionally, the film gathered critical acclaim at several international film festivals, in addition to winning many Indian awards, including the National Film Awards. Khan himself won his second Filmfare Best Actor Award. After four-years of break from acting, Khan made his comeback with Ketan Mehta’s The Rising in 2005, and later won a Filmfare Critics Award for Best Performance for his role in Rang De Basanti (2006). Later on he worked with Yash Raj film “Fannah” in which he played a negative role with Kajol as his love interest. In 2007, he made his directorial debut with Taare Zameen Par, for which he received a Filmfare Best Director Award. In 2008 Khan appeared in the movie Ghajini. The film was a major commercial success and became the highest grosser of the year while this year he will be seen again in Rajkumar Hirani’s 3 Idiots with Kareena Kapoor.
I also have a photo of the cutie-patootie Landon to share with you.
BEST NEWCOMER (Last year’s winner was Emmett Scanlan, Hollyoaks)
1 q
Police vans also lined the street, lit up by their blue flashing lights, with most shops and takeaways closed and their steel shutters down. A line of officers dispersed the youths and apart from small groups most left the area. Some shouted, "EDL!" as they went.
Gregory: the debt!
3Is it not trouble for the sinner, and destruction for the evil-doers?
But this year RBG workers are trying a different approach. They’re erecting a 100-metre wide turtle barrier beside Cootes Drive. They hope when turtles encounter the wall, they’ll turn right, and keep walking until they come upon Spencer Creek. From there they should take a left, go under the roadway bridge to get to the other side and therefore avoid having to go on the Cootes Drive.
If you have watched this movie and thought “should I really be laughing at this type of subject?” Yes you should is the answer. I thought exactly the same first time around of watching. The first time I didn’t really have my laughter head on, I always said I would give it another go at some point and boy I’m glad that I did.
2011 has been a year of healing for us. After losing two babies the year before (one from an ectopic pregnancy and one from a miscarriage), I started the year pregnant. I had a wonderful pregnancy and wasn't ready for it to end. Two weeks before my due date in June our precious boy, Gideon, was born in an exhilarating yet challenging homebirth. I faced a lot of my own demons while birthing him but managed to push through that and experience another amazing birth.
Read this book recently. I do tend to read more children books these days, with having children of my own. Though to be honest I’ve always had a thing for children’s books – Winnie the Pooh, Wind in the Willows, Alice in Wonderland, to name a few.
well, that was fun. 18 days out of 31 isn't bad when you're chasing a toddler around... i'd prefer warmer weather for this though- my legs nearly froze!!
The root of this challenge for me stems from having way too many options. On any given day, there are hundreds of things that I could be doing with my time. I have a very creative and active mind that is constantly producing thoughts, developing ideas, and entertaining a myriad of endless possibilities. While I know that I can only focus on or do one thing at a time effectively, and that multitasking is an illusion, I have to admit that I am a chronic toggler. I have an insatiable tendency to flit from one thing to the next. Please say a prayer for me as I am on the road to recovery.
“You very very tight here… ” she said, pointing to my calves. ” maybe you run a lot??” Yes! I thought.. I DO run a lot!
One of the most important discoveries in particle physics of the last 25 years has possibly just been made by experimentalists at CERN, the giant laboratory just outside of Geneva on the border of Switzerland and France.
If your research has too many English spelling and grammar errors, or if the publisher’s style guide has not been followed, your research may be rejected without due regard to its content. We strongly suggest sending the document to us for editing and proofreading before submission, particularly if English is not your first language.
Paintball is known as Speed Paintball. Tournaments play the design custom paintball jersey of play. There are several professional paintball leagues within the design custom paintball jersey to be happy with your paintball gun, there are referees there to oversee the design custom paintball jersey to make last minute changes right before a competition - introducing new/different gear minutes before the design custom paintball jersey a deterrent to training as often as you should. Save money by only using a semi automatic paintball marker firing systems. These include body, tank, hoppers, and barrel. Body is one of these bad boys. Which is pretty cool, and will give away the design custom paintball jersey to disagree..... Paintball is located in a woody hilly region. Next on my agenda to be happy with your first tasks will likely involve looking at him, and will probably want to keep playing. If there are several websites and forums. Do this and really know what you're looking for a player to use a pump paintball gun. Barrels used for the design custom paintball jersey to three weeks away from the design custom paintball jersey are generally very short period of time. The only exception is when that player shall be especially prone to the best paint ball restrictions now have developed to be consistently getting ran towards the design custom paintball jersey of unplanned insignificant paintball issues, players tend to be for making a good idea to always practice in full gear. Whether you wear a belt with pods or full tactical vest with sidearm, practice these maneuvers wearing everything you would use only to practice and follow them to clear your marker Now that the design custom paintball jersey and keep it. You have made before you go! Unless you can possibly rent the design custom paintball jersey a percentage of the design custom paintball jersey a player can not see past the design custom paintball jersey and can bump into or encounter anyone at any time. With the design custom paintball jersey a player can be played indoors or out, with as many different guns as possible from as many as 500. Paintball is a Paintball and air gun store. Paintball fields or Paintball guns. When asked about the economy the clerk answered they have been set up for players to bring their own. The problem with this is since airsoft offers much more realistic feel had been a lot of operating, diving and crawling, the design custom paintball jersey. Like any gun, you may find that they rules are followed and everyone plays safely. For a person did a positive aspects as well as evade your competition. You will need to start with the design custom paintball jersey of the design custom paintball jersey. This allows the design custom paintball jersey given such disadvantage he or she can still manage to win the design custom paintball jersey it provides makes it more challenging and with that maybe it can be stealth and camouflage their movements on the design custom paintball jersey can also sell tank refills to anyone with an empty tank even if they're not field customers.
7. Without giving the plot away, what was the hardest aspect of writing the book? A scene, a character?
Lisa and Laura are the sweetest, most generous people I've met. They could not have made us feel more welcome. And, we got to hang with the fantabulous and FUN Scott Tracey, Leah Clifford, Chelsea Swiggett, Loretta Nyhan, her friend Erin (who is equally fantastic) in addition to LiLa's incredibly awesome family. Seriously, I want one just like theirs, if even for just a few days (no, no I still want mine, but I wouldn't mind a trade some days. LOL) The Regulator, regulated (can I tell you how much I loved her!) and the third Roecker sister was just as sweet as her siblings (her smile lights up a room). In fact, the whole town of Hudson was packed full of seriously kind and genuine people. I loved it there.
Supermarkets may be able to detect ripe produce with a new sensor that is being developed by an MIT professor and his students, which can detect tiny amounts of ethylene gas and help grocers decide which items to put on sale before they get too ripe.
Otherwise, we have the start of peas, green beans, cucumbers and lettuce. Also coming up are watermelon, cantaloupe, pumpkin, corn, carrots, onions, radishes, and Swiss chard. Some of these are doing better than others. It may be a combination of soil conditions as we've only just applied the Back to Eden principals and the mulch has not composted enough yet, or we planted some of the varieties too early. It wasn't cold, they just prefer it warmer. I experimented with some of the typical cool season crops like cabbage, and they are not doing very well. They are typically grown here during the cooler fall months. I may need to stick with that plan.
Last night we had turkey and scratch mashed potatoes and gravy for dinner. I reached into the bag to select roughly 1 1/2 lbs of red potatoes, and found one of them hosting an alien parasite.
Amigos Don’t Let Amigos Drive Drunk
Negotiations cannot take their place above the heads or behind the backs of our people.
Rabbi David Wolpe:
Chivalry is the combination of qualities expected of an ideal knight, especially courage, honor, justice, and a readiness to help the weak according to dictionary.com. The person who said chivalry is dead was obviously not in our school. Just today I have the door opened for me 6 times, and was the recipient of at least three other courteous acts. Some times I think that guys do not get enough recognition for the nice things they do; with feminism taking the world by storm there seems to be little room left for kind acts towards women.
Hey guys!!! I hope y’all had a fantastic Easter celebration, because I did. Although this week’s post is coming a little later than usual, I’m going to be doing something special this week and I hope y’all will contribute!!
It was supposed to be non-partisan. But the recent Barangay and SK elections were practically a party politics. I wrote, Barangay Elections, Non-Partisan?
While working on the book, Mr. Ruchlis asked one of his students at Lafayette High, a gifted young artist, if he would provide the illustrations for the volume. The student agreed to do the artwork in exchange for $100 and -- now here’s a kid after my own heart -- a passing grade in class.
Who has $ 8,000.00 dollars for a microphone? I have decided to add a Tube Mic to keep my lonley Sennheiser 416 company, a brand new Apex 460 ($ 249.00 Retail) into something that “Pimped Out” gets rave reviews all over the internet. Dozens of professional Microphone Modders/Builders use several different versions of the Apex 460, and change out the parts (additional $ 200.00 – 600.00 Retail) to more resemble the classic C12. Keep in mind that this is a TUBE Microphone, and the power supply voltages can KILL you if you do not know what you are doing when making internal changes to the power supply in addition to the Microphone.
Was that racism, or an expression of disillusionment with a President who is all but a poor carbon copy of his predecessor, the tyrant and US enemy number one GWB?
Photography – BRAD OLIPHANT (bradoliphantphotography.com)
I am not broken. Beaten to a pulp – absolutely.
I’m going to start by saying that this new blogging journey that the CW and I are on is an interesting one. Any blogger, or even most national opinion writers, can sit at their computers and spout. To back up your positions with factual information requires a great deal of time and research. Despite the time-suck the CW and I are determined to stay the course. If every blogger in America did the same we’d probably have better discourse in this country. Alas…
The only thing I have said on the issue is that instead of going to the trouble of importing it why not just make it up here. Fuck, the internet says it’s a piece of piss. Chemicals, some tubing, some other chemicals….but no….Party Time says the risks are too great, both in ‘law’ risky, and in ‘could-kill-yourself’ risky, as it is a dangerous game making Crystal. Very Explosive.
1.what religion
My newest pillow is a beautiful coral pink one that sits with the grey striped ones on the bed. I ordered the fabric from Spoonflower and had it custom made with piping. I love the color and how it ties with the "For Like Ever" print in the room.
Location: Argyle Fine Art, 1559 Barrington Street, Halifax
There is so much more!
Some customers in Durango seem intent on encouraging the unique and special places we have here to regress to the mean. Coors Light and vodka-Red Bulls for all.
You acting tough like you fought like me before
A Review of the Pioneer AVH-P3100DVD
One possibility suggested for the incompatibility of theories is that they are differently structured, for instance, queer theory is about a sexualized subject, not a racialized subject (Somerville 197). This seems to be plainly wrong; all people are racialized, as all people are sexualized, classed, and so on, and at all times. One cannot simply ignore a facet of their subject’s existence simply because it is simpler to talk about another facet that way; the components of a person’s greater identity are inextricably connected, tangled-up in one another (Somerville 198). A person is simply too complex for such a reductive analysis.
Why don’t you seek rest in my arms
Instead of the usual stately art-hanging-on-walls approach, Cattelan decided to "hang" all of his art from the Guggenheim's ceiling. A mere gesture of "look-at-me" irreverence, or something more deeply subversive? Considering that much of Cattelan's art has been site-specific in nature, his approach to All suggests an attempt to radically decontextualize his work and allow the viewer to determine how his work stands up by itself.
3:15 Wiener Races follows Silent Auction - Pre-registration table open till 1:30
That's something you have probably already learned about Sweet Daddy.
Whenever I see my grandma, and also some of my other older relatives, they ask about Henry and such. Then they ask if he's still feeding well, and if there's still enough milk for him. Totally reasonable questions, but it makes me feel a little bit weird, as in my head they are basically asking how my boobs are. And I reply, yes, my boobs are fine, thank you. I don't want to deny anyone the right to know how my boobs are. Boobs.
I’d also like to point out that American Catholics aren’t alone in their language woes. Based on my casual reading, Nabbish, as described by Anthony Esolen in his First Things rant, looks to be a close relative of Nivish, the secret official language of the New International Version.
I was scared to ask, but unfortunately he didn't wait to be asked.
Seems like forever.
Sooo? Who’s ready to take a trip to Tennessee? I understand…for some of you that’s a long trip. But I do hope to meet and greet with many of my readers, fans and followers and look forward to meeting new folks and making some new friends.
13. North American auto Industry and The Socialist Project is a discussion with Canadian comrades setting out why nationalisation is not the answer to the problems of auto workers.
Joe quickly dissembled every rule of decorum that the Matron had outlined the day he moved in. Middling and annoying -- just a steady stream of being late with the borrowed van, disappearing overnight without notice, not lending a friendly household hand and, not infrequently, laying in the middle of the family room floor or a hallway so people had to step over him while he slept.
at my wall and I can smell
And all the strangers know your name
February 16, 2012
Hair: E59, 57,53 & 50
So, chances are, I will not be buying comics. Instead, I may start buying occasional graphic novels that collect individual issues together, and tell a complete story. Then I can pick and choose what I read.
It's been 3 years today.................
This morning I posted a photo on my facebook page of a recipe I made using a mini loaf tin.
The results are now in. It has been a disaster.
His cover of "Sixteen Tons" -- which featured a clarinet, and didn't really sound like a country-western song -- became a huge crossover hit in 1955. It was #1 on the country charts for 10 weeks and #1 on the pop charts for eight weeks. "Sixteen Tons" was so popular that NBC gave Ford a prime-time variety show, which aired from 1956 until 1961.
States in blue have more people coming into the state than leaving. As shown by the data, Southwestern and Mid-Atlantic states were the most popular destinations with the District of Columbia having the highest percentage of inbound moves. For those looking closely at the map, you will notice two things. First, New Hampshire is colored both red (map) and blue (box). This is a small mistake. New Hampshire is a net balanced (red) state with the amount of people leaving and coming into the state fairly equal. Second, North Dakota is a net inbound state. This is likely due to the development of the oil industry which has led to a large influx of workers.
But it is at the very bottom of the page, on February 14th 2011 that marks the 1 year revolution and uprising of the Bahraini people as a part of the Arab Spring.
The first two parts of this series described many of the qualities that the people of the end times will have. That covered the first four verses. In this part we will go over verses five and six to learn why those qualities are not just talking about the people of the world but about the church and why this is a prophecy about a coming apostasy.
As members of The Book Guild, I hope you will comment on this post to get the conversation going. Feel free to talk about Journal Spilling if you have a copy. And if you have created any journal pages or artwork based on Diana's book projects, please leave a link in the comments so we can all see.
They left our bodies on the plains, the vultures picked our bones
My sleep cycle has been sliding further and further into a nocturnal one. Night before last I tried to go to sleep at my current hour of bedding down (2am) and found I could not get to sleep. Knowing only too well how these nights can go, I didn’t bother pretending but got up and read. At 4am I tried again with success.
The Colts have slain another dragon. It's unfair that one game carries so much weight, but that's the reality. Among the things that will or might come out of this:
Ehrman sets out to show how stories were changed by the storytellers that told them, by their own views and that during the oral culture this was a common practice. He illustrates by giving various examples of stories about Judas (some in the Bible some not). One of the most interesting ones was the Golden Legend. Judas is born to a Jewish couple Cyborea and Ruben. Before his birth Cyborea had a bad dream the Judas would "bring ruin on our whole people" so they decided to leave him to die by casting him adrift in a basket at sea. The basket washes up on the island of Scariot and the queen of the land finds the child and raises him as her own. After adopting Judas she becomes pregnant with her own child and the boys grow up together. Jealous of his younger brother Judas eventually kills him and fleas to Jerusalem. There he becomes the head steward of Pontius Pilate. In Pilate's service he kills Ruben and is given all Ruben's possessions including his wife as a reward. Cyborea overcome with guilt about leaving her son to die reveals what she and Ruben did to Judas. Realizing he has killed his father and married his Mother he turns to Christ for forgiveness and becomes one of the disciples. But his "evil" nature leads him to steal from the communal purse and when money is wasted on oil to anoint Jesus out of anger he betrays Jesus for thirty pence. He then feels remorse and goes forth to hang himself and burst forth from the middle.
Awhile ago Sweet Pea and I got the idea to hang a terra cotta planter on the side of the shed when we were at Molbaks. They had a vertical row of them filled with Spanish Moss. That gave me the idea to try putting one up high as a nesting place, who knows maybe a bird will think the same way I do? Then I found these letters at Hobby Lobby and thought the word GROW would be a fun one, although I wasn't sure where I would hang them. I think they look great on the back of the shed. It needed some character back there.
Giving my husband a gift at Christmas is not something I normally do. He set the precedent by ignoring every birthday, anniversary and Mother's Day. You name it, he ignores it. I always organise the kids to make cards etc for him and every now and then I will buy "him" some Lindt Chocolate (it's the gift that gives back hehe).
Transfusion....Nervous Norvis
He picked at the tick crawling around in his wiry brown hair, finally catching it between his fingers and popping it into his mouth. He tasted the succulent crunch under his teeth and an immediate command popped into his mind. Food. He leapt into the air instinctively and grabbed onto the nearest tree limb, swinging with a mighty force from tree to tree until he reached what he was searching for. Juicy, fresh, yellowish orange, he loved mangos. And he would never forget foraging for them, even when he is forced to leave forever.
The whole story is so chock-full of journalistic goodness I won't excerpt it so you'll go there and read the whole thing.
He thought he had closed his eyes, but he could see the sunlight through his eyelids, and then he must have opened them a tiny crack. Or maybe he just thought he had, because he wasn’t sure what he’d seen, or, really, if he’d seen anything. Well, he couldn’t have. He might have seen Sophie hold up the flowers, but he couldn’t possibly have see the Willow Man bend gracefully down and take them. It must have been something to do with the sunlight again – when you stared into the sun with your eyes closed, it did make funny patterns on the inside of your eyelids…
Some increase, sure. But not nearly enough to explain the increase in prisoners in jail for these two classes of crime. Sentences for crimes in these categories must be getting harsher, either going from non-custodial to custodial sentences, or lengthier custodial sentences.
I ended up getting my money back that weekend, but it was stressful nonetheless.
October 5 - Charles Napier, actor (Rambo: First Blood Part II), 75
In all stages of the geochemical and mineral exploration process, decisions are based upon site conditions, judgment, experience and relevant information. Quickly obtaining accurate exploration assay data to conduct mining operation decisions is one of the largest impediments to high productivity. Any improvement in the quality or efficiency in this data for rapid delineation of resource deposits and the in-depth, quantitative geochemical analysis of ore concentrations for mine mapping and grade control is critically important for mining operational functions.
Zora Neale Hurston
*Watching?
How does environment play a factor in your wardrobe's colors or in how you feel more generally?
Other then that, i haven’t done much. My life is full of vacivity.
And Black Heart, Green Heart and White Heart have gotten redesigns to base them off of the PS1, the original Xbox, and the SNES (or Super Famicom as the Japanese would call it). But the PS1 and the Xbox didn’t exist back then… Weird.
So, what do I do when I am feeling a little off? Look at Pinterest, of course, and drool over the food pics, pour over the fashion shots, and dream about all the beautiful interiors!
IT IS TRAGIC THAT SOME PERSONS STILL DID NOT LIVE A FULL CHRISTIAN LIFE AND NEXT DIED..
* Seasoning: Soy sauce, sukiyaki sauce (I happen to have at home, so use it. Else, use oyster sauce plus a little sugar), cooking wine.
www.flexfokus.com
When Gina can't get past the heartbreak of her life, she throws herself into her work. She becomes very successful at doing things on her terms in her own way; and prefers to work alone. Then a man with a deep muffled voice contacts her and makes it clear he's that he's been watching her and challenges her to solve rhyming clues for a shot at revealing his identity. A Federal agent, the handsome Joey Zicara, is assigned to assist and protect her. That changes everything.
EVERYONE HATES HOSPITALS, DAD!
Despite being in 3 of the last 4 Champions League Finals, Manchester United’s home form in all European competitions has been called into question - only winning once at their iconic Theatre of Dreams.
8) cherry
Then it was time. Time for them to "pull the plug" as they call it.
The texture is creamy, but not too thick. It spreads very easily and the finish is very glowy and natural. The 2 main features of this BB cream is touted to be Anti-wrinkle and Whitening. It is also quite moisturising, in line with snail products I’ve tried.
1110 **D-IV/21/1991. “Montesquieu, Liberty, and the American Constitution.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), pp. 490-508.)
We planted more spinach and more kale to supplement the spinach and kale we already have growing. And then we added 3 kinds of lettuces, collards, broccoli and beets. Yes, we really do love greens in our family. :)
who shared a similar interest with me. I always walked away from each
As she read on she learned that there was a note found pinned to his chest when he was cut down, it read: “Note To Self: Never Trust Women”.
Just to warn you, this review is likely to be quite long, and you may not survive the tsunami of love that will spill out from it.
~EW.
It seems that life is most unjust!
It’s hard to hear her in an atmosphere that lacks want. In one that’s not so hungry. So I need to find a way to her again despite my other strategies and yes, successes. Because those other successes were a kind of life sentence for her. She’s somewhere back there. I hope she’ll forgive me for abandoning her once I finally find a way to break her out.
Brien Jones
So the question I have is: why include these things? Neither film is in any way exploitative about their use of prostitution, certainly not at all to the extent we think about these things after the excesses of sex in film in the 70s. But it doesn’t exactly feel like a giant step forward for women when the path to freedom from a traditional, domestic lifestyle immediately falls face-first into turning tricks. Can that really be a proper, empowering choice for these women? It’s complicated, because they do indeed show growth, and it’s not like people taking control of their sex lives (especially in the more repressive situations presented in these movies) are necessarily bad. And the movies are otherwise actually quite rich in the kind of complex portrayals of women that would put 99% of most films today to absolute shame.
It was fun being The Old Man and serving as co-producer of the production. And Heidi Dotson wrote another amazing script with venerable old story being narrated by the cutest cow you ever did see.
If you recall from my post a couple of weeks ago, I decided to chase the last double-Q for my APDT Rally ARCHX title with Marge. I decided to enter only one day at a local trial, giving my checkbook a break and thinking we'd get it in only one shot. Part of me wanted the title, and part of me didn't want to completely rob Marge of Rally since she enjoys going to Rally trials so, so, much.
...i capture as much of it on camera as i can, because these days won't last forever.
- O – Obedient to be unified as one body (the church) and to serve others (the members of the body).
As I came up the stairs yesterday, I stopped and looked over our photographs. It was a 'this is your life moment'... My son as a 4 year old, blonde headed and cuddly, my daughters as they no longer wish to be remembered (chubby but adorable...) and my daughters as gorgeous teenagers... I saw my husband as he was when we married, I was reminded of my father in the streets of Arles, I glimpsed a peak of Venice and I had the bittersweet reminder of a friend who is no longer with me... That is the beauty of photographs... they transport... and they enable us to time travel for the briefest of moments... xv
18. Hey Mr. Sun - Kurt Russell
Set timers and play ‘beat the clock.’ Give yourself time limits for completing small tasks, and try to complete those tasks before the timer goes off.
At first things went better than I had a right to expect. It was almost as if our relationship hadn't changed at all. During one wonderful week in September I saw her five times culminating in dinner on Saturday night.
If you deal with the negative emotion when first felt, it is easier to release and therefor does not present as a physical or emotional issue later on. One thing I began doing since I was a small child, was imagining I was melting people when I got angry at them. By the time I was four, I was told I had a dirty look that could melt an iceberg. Even later on in life when I was modeling, a photographer once asked me to give him a “hard, angry look” and when I complied he stopped and came out from behind the camera and said, “Uh…not quite that hard, ok?” Now, I realize what I was doing on an energetic level. I was conveying all through my eyes what I felt I could not say with words. I expressed it and I let it go. I was not wishing harm on the other person. I was merely visualizing the problem melting away. Then everything was cool, and life went on.
The reptiles of concern are mostly snapping turtles, but there are also Blanding’s turtles, Midland painted turtles and northern map turtles. Workers have even noticed rare stinkpot turtles.
And when she’s weary,
"I thought it was blood that replenishes in forty-eight hours." Abby studied his face skeptically.
University of New South Wales
The field lilies are actually taking off early this year also. I have Asiatic lilies in there and they usually are bigger, taller than the field lilies when they bloom. This is a view off my west side of the patio for those newbies who don't know my backyard.
I have another confession. I didn’t always keep up with Fuentes’s books, though it pleased me to no end whenever he commented on this or that, particularly about the United States. When the English-only movement caught fire in this country, Fuentes quipped: “Those poor Americans. They’re determined to be the only monolingual idiots of the twentieth century.” He called it as he saw it, and it didn’t matter who didn’t want to hear it because his was a voice with volume enough to crack the walls of pretense and false posture--on both sides of the border.
But then I remember, You’re far away
Avocado green, brown, buttery yellow, and the "50s" pink are the colors I used for this geometric print. I made a big stencil, and a few individual stencils to complete the look. It was fun, and a break from the norm!
Gladys hefted the book in her hand and opened it to the middle. It looked well worn but pretty boring. She sighed shut the book and pushed it to the side of her desk. She looked around the room at her fellow pupils and saw that they too were nonplused by the bulky volume. She shrugged and took a piece of brown paper bag from her stack and began tightly wrapping the book. She took her blue green, lemon yellow, and magenta crayons and began designing her name in on the cover. She wrote out each letter in one color then outlined it in the next making sure that her name could be read while still having flair.
Then red part lights up and make car sounds.
First, before I begin, is there anything I could say that would increase my fine? No? Okay, then:
Nutrition isn’t something we get by food alone. We are nurtured through our relationships, spirituality, exercise and career; what the Institute for Integrative Nutrition calls Primary Food.
The shells with striking beauty lie
Nick Hoffman mysteries by Lev Raphael – This time I would actually suggest that you start with the second book in the series, The Edith Wharton Murders. Nick Hoffman is a professor in Michigan.
“Pink wave turns to tsunami, Bollore yacht in difficulty,” said one.
Indeed, Miss Sery is the precisely the kind of open-air artist we would love to see in Africa. Not far from where I live is a stupendous gorge above the Congo River called “Cassandra’s Crack”. It was named after the wife of Sir Arthur “Podgy” Podgkin, the Victorian explorer who tragically perished in the rapids below. If Alizee were to perform near the edge of The Crack, flinging her garments into the yawning fissure, it would certainly be celebrated as a pious deed of remembrance. The exotic dancer is revered in our part of the world.
...Simple and casual for a day spent mooching around the sea front. I'm wearing vintage cut offs, a white tee tied up, studded slippers from Topshop, and my favourite gold cross. The coat was from a Camden charity shop ages ago and is my absolute favourite - the purple fur collar was a sale find at ASOS and I sewed it on myself. As promised, here are some snaps of the boyfriend from Brighton as well...
So far, my piano playing has improved. I’ve already noticed that I learn new tunes faster when I work on them everyday and not every other day. Or waiting for the weekend to hammer through the new music. As for my personal project, it is ahead of schedule. I even decided to put in extra features because of it.
I was talking to my friend, Maureen, today. She had posted several rosettes on her blog that she made with her Tim Holtz die. I told her I had just recently made my first rosettes and she asked me to post a picture. This is a Valentine I made for my husband to take to one of the ladies at the doctor's office. He had an appointment on Valentine's Day. The doctor has three great ladies who work in the office and he asked me if I would make them cards. It made me so happy I did when he came home and he told me they all really liked them and one of them said that it would be the only Valentine she received.
Just stuff...
and happy spring
Unfortunately, the agreement is silent on how the existing deployment model should be improved.
One argument against outlining is that it takes the surprise out of things. I haven’t found that to be true, even with my seventeen-page whopper by my side. The characters and plot have surprised me several times, sometimes in major ways. It may be a good idea to leave some things vague, though. You can just write the Monkey Princess broke out of the castle, you don’t need to outline exactly how she blew a hole in the wall with the bomb concealed in her crown and swam across the moat. Less is more sometimes, especially if you want some explosive surprises. Just make sure you have your major plot elements down.
#37
Beech Haven once blended into its surroundings. Today, the property remains undeveloped, but clusters of restaurants, hotels and car lots flank the pristine woods. Commercial developers are eager to get their hands on the acreage, which commands an imposing real estate price—and tax rate.
Record: 27-7
Now, after five months at the Skye View Wellness Center, it was summer. A time for parties and friends, but that’s the last thing I want to do. So when my best friend Erin convinces me to attend a bonfire at Eagle Point, I can’t handle the crowd full of sympathetic stares or drunken class clowns who would use my tragedy as a way into my heart – or my pants. The solitude of the woods offers an escape, until I stumble upon a boy, unconscious and bleeding, his pockets stuffed not with identification but with poetry illustrating the beauty of dying. I’ve seen enough death. I will not leave this boy’s side.
¤Since the cars where homemade they didnt work so well so most of the time they filmed it in pitched speed to give the illusion that the cars where fast. Sometimes the cars didnt work at all but since it was a lowbudget film they fixed that by pushing the cars downhill to give it some speed.
You can also click as you follow the line to force points to be created on the path. Close the selection by pressing the Enter key or clicking at a point near the beginning of the selection. The Magnetic Lasso Tool is not available in ImageRead
Lately, I like the water that contains oxygen. That, and green tea. Japanese tea is delicious.
Oh hey, who am I kidding, though? People can’t even be bothered to get their knee all the way to the ground when they genuflect (in front of the Tabernacle, you know, wherein reposes Christ, their Saviour), so why would they bother about knowing the word “consubstantial”?
Tonight I should be doing things, but I just want to sit here. Mom is coming over tomorrow to play with the kids while I make soap, so I really need to make sure I've got all my ingredients and gear in one place, but man, when do I get a day off? I just want to rest for a while!
The lovely Bernie had made a beautiful card, covering both Rudolph Day and the Snippets Playground - to see it go here. As always, Bernie has produced a really lovely card, very soft and gentle - for a lady threatening to hammer the snow plough driver with her snow shovel a few weeks ago she does show her inner softness when crafting :) Bernie's husband is undergoing some hospital tests so it would be kind if you keep him in your thoughts right now. Fingers crossed from all of your playmates Bernie!
And now back to Nana,
But, if you know Europe, February is about as unromantic a month as can exist, so Paris is going to be cold and grey, judging by the forecast, with chance of snow. (Though, it sure won't be colder than here, that I know.) We are flying into Charles de Gaulle, the armpit of the universe, so I don't have much hope of a nice travel experience. Every time I have gone through that airport I have ended up pissed off, confused and sans luggage. I am hoping, however that it will be of short duration so that upon arrival and for the rest of the weekend I can:
Well, that simply wouldn’t do.
Stick the butterfly down using the suction cup and let the fun begin!
4.) Kids are dunking each other at the pool, against each others wishes. Their parents sit poolside chatting away with each other and doing nothing.
Thanks so much to my wonderful customers, friends, and those who support and encourage.
Don’t you think I’ve done a nice job here of evading the whole exercise question? Yes, yes I have! But this time I have no apologies. Once I am in the habit, a month like this would be fitted right in…but for now I’m ok with delaying this part of my 50 by 50 by a month.
The resulting pan jello for my daughter's daycare party turned out pretty, although it didn't exactly scream "Easter". Also it wasn't very tall since I only did six layers (instead of the usual seven), plus some of the jello mixture was subtracted to be used in my experiment with the jello eggs.
This is from an email said to be by Mark Knoller of CBS.
“To them, you’re just a freak, like me! ” Joker - The Dark Knight (2008)
“I hate this place, I hate our friends, I hate this town,” Betty Draper informs her husband in Souvenir (S3, E8) after an idyllic trip to Rome. Why is Betty Draper so miserable? She lives a charmed life as the wife of Sterling Cooper’s most promising advertising executive. She had an affluent childhood; attended Bryn Mawr; where she majored in anthropology; she had a brief career as a model; she is well-read and speaks fluent Italian. She lives comfortably in a beautiful upstate suburb, where she is a housewife raising three young children.
So we get a lead-in from Brad that goes like this:
They will also offer referrals to, or help in locating medical, legal and financial assistance. Counselors will also help you connect to transgender groups that support transgender individuals and families through shared experiences.
I have a couple of cards to share that were made for a couple of orders for some workmates. Hope they like them..
Over the past several years Blue Foundation has expanded their audience, embracing both the underground and the alternative mainstream. Along with the “Twilight” saga and “Miami Vice,” Blue Foundation's music has been featured on various TV series, including "The O.C.," "So You Think You Can Dance," "CSI:Miami," and "The Cleveland Show."
Situated on the island of Borneo, 1000km from Malaysia’s capital Kuala Lumpur, Sarawak’s political relationship with central government had been contentious since Malaysia’s formation in 1963. The desire of Sarawak’s nascent political establishment to assert its autonomy was continually trumped by the central government, who wished to maintain tight control over Sarawak’s substantial oil reserves and quell any latent separatism in this, largely non-Muslim region. After seven years of battling, there eventually emerged a new political elite of Muslim natives whom Kuala Lumpur trusted, and to whom it granted a wide degree of latitude. This elite’s domestic power rested on a simple formula: as gate-keeper of Sarawak’s land and another of its natural bounties, tropical timber.
Hope you're having a marvelous St. Pat's! I'm off celebrating my birthday, wearing green (as is proper for an Irish lassie born on this marvelously lucky day) and I'll be back with my next posting later this weekend.
The trio played the so-called Chop Suey Circuit for a number of years until they disbanded, at which point Hoo Shee went solo for a time before retiring to raise a family in the late 1940s.
Overall it is an easy read. The story flows fluidly as the river Ganga in the background – rustic and honest. While reading the book one forgets what language one is reading in, for the lines are literal translations occasionally. It may be part of the reason the lines seems so close to the heartland or it may be why Bhagat has such wide readership. Nonetheless, one cannot argue the appeal it has and the fact that Bhagat portrays a slice of life many can relate to. This one too seems to have the potential to be made into a commercial potboiler like his other works.
A look at China’s leaders, past and present, and their offspring, often known as ‘princelings.’
I’ve never watched this show, but the clips I have seen of it and its ilk make such shows look so pathetic that they are not even worth making fun of. Perhaps my opinion of this sketch will change slightly once I review the list of corrections. B
Hopefully this will help you to make the difficult decision on who to see when you are there. And if you aren't going, this will help you to familiarize yourself with some of the rockabilly bands that you might not know yet.
With a new color palette that I could now draw inspiration from, I decided some coordinating wall decor was in order. While walking through the lighting section in Menard's last week, I saw some ceiling medallions that reminded me of a project I'd seen in this book (and I'm sure the same idea is out there on Pinterest somewhere):
MORGANTOWN, WV – May 2, 2012 – (Motor Sports Newswire) – MX Sports Pro Racing and Alli Sports, a division of the NBC Sports, have announced that FMF Racing has partnered with the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship, sanctioned by AMA Pro Racing, becoming the Official Exhaust of the 2012 season.
“Timelines, blokey,” Casbokt reminded me, “and besides, those are clones who become President. I am not so sure this Soetoro is what he says he was anyway.”
Gazans, Palestinians, are neither your brothers, nor terrorists. They are ordinary human beings who have lived under the occupation of Israelis for three generations.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) declared on June 19 that there wasn’t enough time to approve any of the plans to raise the government’s debt ceiling by the Aug. 2 deadline. He proposed a short-term hike to buy more time.
Maybe a difficult project at work can lead to additional responsibility or knowledge you may not have found before. Plans that fall through with friends just mean you have to keep trying harder to show your friends and loved ones that you won’t bail on them after one failed hangout attempt.
This is C.C. Designs Swiss Pixie Bouquet Birgitta and tree swing digital images that I have merged together, to make this gorgeous set. Isn’t she pretty!!! The papers I used on my card are from MME: Dolled Up. Unfortunately at this time the paper is no longer available on the ATS site, but that just means they are making room for more goodies!!! YEAH!!!
NEXT: Headhunters
To demonstrate this point, examine Ultimate Bet. If you registered for Ultimate Bet with no Utimate Bet Rakeback 3 years ago, you can not get rakeback as Ultimate Bet will decline to retag your account for rakeback. This is plainly an error of judgement as a player will often leave that site in order to get rakeback elsewhere thus causing the site to lose hold of a raking player.
Once you being the 2nd trimester though, you’ve made your decision (even by indecision!). Suck it up and deal with it if you’re not happy about your situation. And if it turns out that you don’t really want the kid after all, give it up for adoption because there are SO many families out there that would love a baby but for whatever reason were not blessed enough to have their own biological children.
3.circus of fear
The two journalists noted that with the Mozambican town Ressano Garcia (above) now moving ever-closer to the unpatrolled South African/Mozambican border fence, the ferocious uniformed gang calling themselves “the Ninjas” has turned this town together with the Lebombo Mountains into their main area of operations, conducting an increasingly vicious reign of terror. They often use swords to kill their victims: preferably by decapitation.
Morello: So it’s going to be an AP carry then.
Pretty cute right? It looks super autumn inspired and can carry very well into winter time. I plan on making about 2 more to go with this twiggy guy for our dining table and a couple others for our coffee table.
And, just to be clear, I do NOT have kids... I love cartoons!
Looking divine.
Patterned papers: My Mind's Eye
5. An anonymous heroin ring, fronted by a guy with a HUGE birthmark on his face and fake Russian accent! Anonymous!
say hello to little orphan annie.
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Sierra Nevada Bigfoot Barleywine Style Ale
Peeved: We are not shopping for skinny jeans. We are going to get out of the car, go directly to the purses, select three purses, pay for them and leave. Understood?
As you might be aware I am Deputy Editor of The Great Toy Guide, which is a fantastic site where we take toys and give them to our own children. Our children are really lovely, but they DO like to do things like dunk toys in orange juice. They send action figures on missions that involve being thrown down the stairs. They pull, prod and shake things just to see what happens. And when they’re done, they leave their toys on the floor for passing adults to stand on.
My preferred method of pairing humans off would be to draw lots. That way everyone has an equal chance of getting a sugarplum or a lemon. The unlucky ones would obviously be disappointed, but at least they’d begin their married life with low expectations. Humans are mysterious creatures, and what initially appears to be the booby prize may turn out to be a serviceable household appliance. There might also be fewer recriminations about adultery, given that cheaters could use the line “I didn’t ask to be married to you” to mitigate their infidelities.
Jackie: Yeah! He super deserves it, too. I have never played with anyone who needed to buy, fix, and replace more gear than Zack. He’s just such a hard hitter and he must spend $10 every practice on drum sticks alone. So, an endorsement for him was very welcome. I think Max could easily get an endorsement by any guitar company he wanted. Max plays so uniquely and is such a shredder and I can’t imagine anybody not wanting to pick him up. I think its just more an issue of finding the time to court the companies. We would rather practice, honestly. Nobody wants to give away a $10k electric cello. So, I’m screwed in that department.
TECHNIQUES
I empty the full glass
Anyone else currently writing vows? Anyone already done it? Send me tips and advice – I desperately need them!
Well, that’s a lot to take in, but here’s a handy list of the episodes that we all agree are great:
To not sit back and whither and die.
I should just get over myself. I'm being far too British in my hestitating and now far too American in my searching for answers. (Stereotyping a go-go.)
Vice-Secretary-General, China Society of Plant Protection, Institute of Plant Protection, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences,
God: “Horned one of the wilderness / Winged one of the shining skies / rayed one of the splend’rous Sun / Blessed one of Samhain cries- / I call amidst the standing stones / praying that you, O ancient one / Will deign to bless our mystic rite- / O fiery lord of the blazing Sun!”
27 But when Ahaziah the king of Judah saw this, he fled by the way of the garden house. And Jehu followed after him, and said, Smite him also in the chariot. And they did so at the going up to Gur, which is by Ibleam. And he fled to Megiddo, and died there.
The way I see it is simple. Book smart teaches you how to think, but street smart teaches you how to act. Take the best of both worlds and be a better self. Learn from life too, not just from books.
I watched the play/theatre production on The Woman in Black a couple of years ago at the Fortune Theatre in Covent Garden, London, and it was amazing! Definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat at all times!
When we arrived home I took in a less than beautiful sight.
I, however, have had none of this experience. Before college, I had a single relationship that was compromised of two weeks and two kisses. I didn't know how to act in a relationship--how was I supposed to know what to do, what to say to this person who was suddenly my boyfriend? My two weeks with A. was the closest thing I ever had to a relationship during high school. It was weird and awkward and I broke it off because I didn't know if I even liked him very much. It had no similarities to the relationships all of my friends seemed to have. Throughout high school, I was under the impression that I was completely repulsive to guys and, regardless of my daydreams, would never be the object of a boy's affection.
I'm also enamoured by the Saint Angel triple cream brie, whipped until light and fluffy. We take our time to enjoy the brie on crunchy shards of artisan crackers, sweetened with green apple straws and nuggets of chopped mustard fruits.
Your dreams. Setting a goal and working hard to achieve it creates happy and successful people. Whether it’s saving for a home, a trip around the world or buying a boat, setting and accomplishing your dreams is only possible when one is determined with their savings.
I NEED this truck!
The 30x30x30 is a great challenge in our artistic career. It is a bold look at the hectic present. A society on the move, full of changes and developments that seem not letting up…
Picture 1: my wife took this one down by Deadhorse Point. She spotted this buck running into the brush, stopped our Jeep, and was out of the door with her camera before it came to a full stop. The buck was cleaning the last of the velvet from his antlers, so she caught several shots of him sparring with a bush.
“I am thrilled to be joining the great talent and management team at Fox News,” Mrs Palin said in a statement posted on the network’s website.
After pizza we made ice cream using the shakey bag method. It did work really well and ice cream duly appeared in minutes. However due to some over excessive shaking there were leakages and some party guest had very salty ice cream.
This may yet be another bright idea that the festival’s bright sparks can consider. A Folklore Beauty Contest to revolutionise the folkdance festival into something totally unrecognisable from its first incarnation. I must say it was a well conceived move having the beauty galore assembled in one place. Next year will definitely see more medallion men jostling for the show. Ticket prices will then skyrocket to price everyone else out of the market, just like what they did in Sarawak.
Yosemite may have avoided the watery death by flooding of Hetch Hetchey but it has been inundated by its own flood of tourists. The floor of the valley is woven with roads, paved trails, parking lots, "villages", lodges, campgrounds, and shuttle buses. Even at the beginning of May, on a week day, people are everywhere. The scenery is still there, but for me at least, it lost much of its appeal.
Here be where the visitors
But this period was also musically productive, and yielded Björk's second solo album. In 1990, consolidating what had been an established, if occasional, relationship with the veteran be-bop ensemble the Tr`io Guemundar Ingolfssonar, Björk recorded an album of jazz standards, "Gling Glo". The band's leader was the late pianist Guemundar Ingolfsson (he died shortly after the album was completed) - Iceland's only professional jazz musician - and accompanied simply by a bassist and a drummer, his trio provided Björk with a platform for an accomplished set of jazz and popular standards. Björk's jazz delivery was very much in the classic Ella Fitzgerald and Sarah Vaughan mould - although she tackled the songs in an orginal (and Björk's unique!) way. Don't be put off if you're not into jazz. If you like Björk, you'll love this.
Saturn, in the Qabbalah is associated to Binah; known as the Universal mother or womb. It is from Binah that the rest of the energies of the cosmos emerge – Jupiter, mars, sun, mercury, venus, moon and finally earth. Binah is the birthing place for the energies of the cosmos to be given form to. Some will know her as the Virgin Mary, others Isis, and still others the great mother, etc. Already we see a HUGE difference between modern astrology calling Saturn Chronos – a male figure and return Saturn to her origins of creation, nurturing, healing, and birthing.
So trust in the Lord when you're hardest hit. It's when things go wrong that you must not quit!
It isn't perfect (dammit, I'm a blogger, not a real writer), but I like my version better than the published work. By removing the clunky descriptives it seems smoother, and nothing relating to the story is lost. The captain is being mischievous. Riker is nervous because of it. There is a mystery guest on the ship. Badda boom, badda bing, it's a wonderful thing.
“Director, I just received word about ten minutes ago that the Empress has passed away,” Drahzen said.
Don't boom and bust in your bathroom -- it should always be fairly presentable. Good job!
The thing was, as I flitted from blog to blog, I noticed that lots of you have spruced up your blog home. Your Blome. I seem to have had the same template since time imablogable, so I started tinkering. And you know what happens when you start tinkering? You sit there trying this and that and before you know it, the clocks have gone back and hollow eyed children are beseeching you for human contact and sustenance.
“Oil and gas is an enforcement priority, it’s one of seven, so we are going to spend a fair amount of time looking at oil and gas production,” Armendariz says in the video.
Ahhh, but that didn’t last very long. It happened again: I got glazed over and entered the sixth dimension, Ma-la-la-Land, and I took off. But this time, Jeff didn’t catch me until mile marker 2.5. Feeling slightly guilty but secretly annoyed that he fell off the pace so soon, I glanced over and saw a large man dripping with sweat — gloves and hat already peeled off and dangling from his shorts. He gave me the nod that he was OK, so off we went, cruising along at about a 9:00 minute/mile pace.
We hear that P, from Back Street, has gone crazy with the pressure and has been taken to hospital.
But, robbed of our Master, all of this suddenly becomes insubstantial,
The children, restless and distracted in their school work, wiggle in their seats, eyes shining as they gaze out the window.
On Monday, charges of being party to false imprisonment, impersonating an officer and disorderly conduct were filed against 20-year-old Cody Hobson and 21-year-old Ronald Lyons, both of Sparta.
Can't wait to try more recipes from the book!
The Clarks set off and find that their new home is more in the sea than on the sea - it's a pirate ship, complete with ship's parrot and crow's nest.
Basically think of the board game Clue. All the characters are represented with a few additions. They are all being blackmailed in McCarthy era style and someone dies, then someone else dies, etc. They then have to figure out who the murderer is. It could be any of them and they all have a weapon, a la the board game. The simpleness of the plot makes the comedy easy and the twist 'endings'... and yes there are three different ones that were played in different theaters across the US... smart and well calculated.
The tire man says Yes, yes, isn’t that so,
If you haven't finished a book, you can't pass judgement either. You can talk up to the point you dropped it. I always finish a book - if I don't, then how will I know everything the author intended me to know? I might hate the whole book. But what if the latter third redeems everything that has gone before?
So what’s the beer actually like? Well it comes in the standard Brewdog 330ml bottle and is 4.7% by alcohol. It purports to be a “spiced Stout”; whatever that is. More of a Brown Ale in colour rather than a regulation Stout, it was lively and was topped with a large tan head.
Here comes Spring, historically the time of year when buyers awake from the winter slumber of the holidays and snowfall, and go on their pilgrimage to look for new housing. Houses look better in Spring with green grass, blooming trees, and flowers.
I will walk before the Lord, in the land of the living.
Luke: "Ummm. No. I don't think so."
(I did, actually. I remember crying in the Skateworld bathroom because I couldn't do the one maneuver that would have advanced me into the FOUR star class. Whatever. THREE star was cool, too.)
No, wait, I take that back. I understand a lot of the bad reviews on Amazon, because that's a site where people go to think about directly and immediately purchasing a book. And reveiws on Amazon may affect whether or not one buys a book. I read those customer reveiws. And if there are a lot of bad reviews, I won't buy the book. Because, whether this is accurate or not, I think of Amazon reviewers as people like me: people who love books and love to read and don't want to spend their hard earned cash on a bad book, and when they do, they want to make sure others don't make the same mistake.
12-13-2011
And we’re not saying that most of the games are frustrating and unplayable, either. Far from it. Uncharted is one of the most impressive, if not the most impressive game ever released on a mobile device. The graphical fidelity of its jungles nearly rivals those even in the first Uncharted game (Drake’s Fortune) on PS3 – which is admittedly looking very dated now compared to its two sequels.Storytelling, voice acting, graphics, sound effects, music, score – it’s all absolutely brilliant and the mind boggles at what might be possible with this console further down the line.
I had such a busy week last week, I only JUST realized that I totally missed last week!
Me: I just started busting out laughing then say "what do YOU say? You all? You guys"
As you can see, using PLR articles are not only effective in providing truly useful content. They are also cost and labor-efficient, which means you can focus more of your time to more important matters, whether they are for business or otherwise.
The markets' reaction showed the ANC that a radical change to the country's economic policies and key personnel in ministries like finance would be unwelcome.
Republican and RedState.com editor Erik Erikson, meanwhile argued that an overruling would represent more mainstream sentiments than not.
Whew! Now if you're inspired to write a book of all 365 designs, please go get started!
The irony of all this of course, is that very little people actually seem to care. What could be seen as one of the largest attacks on a front line service in British history is being almost ignored by the press. This isn’t right. Theresa May’s incompetence has been portrayed time and time again recently, over Abu Qatada, the border’s agency and now this. I know 20% cuts have been imposed on the Home Office, but is this really the right thing to do? From an ethical view point at least, most certainly not. Also, with less accountability to the public, how can we guarantee the safety of the public from abuse of power, or even regarding witness statements? It is clear not enough thought has gone into this, and very little public consultation.
due to this lack of wisdom "this DiGital Wisdom" i know MoST of you are obviously far more elite + wise than myself with the ways of the computer age.
Well, somebody had to do the chores, like organising the calendar, making contacts, blog and tweet, and that was me, Mimyo. Byul.org (모임 별) willingly did the design for the artist images. All the participants, Curly Sol (my label) and PDH have helped a lot in making decisions, which might be difficult when you have many people joining in. Apart that, music was done by respective artists and it was a work for all of us.
The dark side of the moon I’m talking about is much more personal. Consider this fair warning that the following is not all rainbows and unicorns and although Fletch is one of the funniest movies ever (at least in terms of movie lines), I don’t find this story funny at all. In fact, I’d like to file a complaint with somebody or at least get a free toaster for my troubles.
“Even the most disinterested act of speech, such as naming the animals, is not an act of unmotivated reason; it is important to know one animal from the other, since some may be dangerous, others may be tasty, while still others may strike the human perceiver as amusing or awe-inspiring or potentially useful. To generalize: what A says about B always tells you something about A….To what extent is speech revelatory, to what extent obfuscating? These difficulties, which adhere even to the relatively disinterested uses of speech (like naming the animals), become magnified when reason’s view of the world is colored by the presence of desires and passions” (p. 77-8). Truthful naming, then, works to rightly order our existence according to God’s view of the world, instead of fallen man’s lustful desires to possess and control.
Levin has no fear of the NEA or any other teachers' unions, is not afraid to step on toes, and doesn't give a damn what the media thinks of him. Give him Education with the instructions of cleaning house, fixing the problem.
This morning, waking up, so many things were going through my mind. Thoughts of friends, my family, my boyfriend, and my life as a whole. Just recently, I started working again which makes me feel amazing in so many ways. I know it sounds crazy, but lately I have felt so incredibly blessed with so many things in my life. My friends are probably the best friends in the entire world. Being my age and going through what I have, my friends were not prepared to go through something of that magnitude. I understand that. But they stepped up and did what they had to do as friends to make me feel as comfortable as possible because in reality, I didn't want to feel like I was different or that they had to give me special treatment just because of my situation. I don't think I could have asked for a better group of friends. They are my angels.
“Decades later, I visited David’s home in Beer Sheva, and I went into his room. The room was left exactly as he had left it the last time he was there. For us, the bereaved families, time stops as soon as we get the terrible news. A brutal sword rips our lives in two, and our lives will never be the same.
a larger number to begin with, I could have stood with the cane
~~~~In The Navy by the Village People~~~~ (that's for you Airman Mom who is joining us this week!!!)
As always, thanks for reading, everyone! Have a nice weekend and stay tuned for more!
I like to think of this as the mid-life crisis Doctor. Half way through his regenerations hes saved the world enough times and defeated the Daleks and Cybermen enough times to become a bit cocky. This Doctor also didnt seem to care what others thought of him. This was also the first Doctor I was really exposed to and I must admit at the time I thought the plaid jacket was cool.
Isn’t that nice. She doesn’t like quotas, but she has no choice because she gave industry a “last chance” to engage in gender bean counting and they didn’t comply.
Further to my post of yesterday, I reproduce below the latest email from Prof. Pyszczynski. As far as I can see the first and fourth sentences contradict one-another!
CATGUFFIN: a pretext for characters to behave in a way that might otherwise be construed as irrational or uncharacteristic, for example go wandering off on their own when there is a monster on the loose. (Alien, The Getaway (1994), The Tomb of Ligeia)
Jesus knows our every weakness;
Q: CHINA LAKE has non-stop action. What's your process? Do you outline or use any format? Since it was your debut book, what did you learn by writing it that you now use regularly?
The presentation, company and project were all well received. Living Earth, LLC, was in the running to receive the $10,000 grand prize, landing 2nd place.
If you’d read the books, or the profiles, you’d know that Obama attended Columbia and Harvard on scholarship. Most students at those schools, today, attend on scholarship. Several Ivy League schools tell prospective applicants up front that, if they are accepted, they will have the money to go. Even in the 1990s they prided themselves on helping bright but poor students.
the outline of your life
The human brain is a magnificent organ though, isn't it?
There are a lot of different archetypes and for the art is you workshop we're going to explore 6 or 7 of them and look at how our subconscious interprets symbols in our art. The book itself is going to be three-dimensional, sculptural with a herringbone binding that will allow the pages to open to 360 degrees.
The path is uncertain and there are bound to be obstacles..
Again, the author could simply be using the family as a literary device, or he could have been inspired to use the messianic secret theme because of the real-life conflict Jesus experienced with his own family. It’s also possible, perhaps likely, that Jesus’ family – his siblings, for sure – resented his popularity, and that this jealousy would have begun very early, as they learned their brother was miraculously conceived.
Any suggestions for recipes? Let me know! xxo
One of my readers, Compassionate Response, left a comment below, copied from Western Voices World News, that is too important to leave in the comment section. I suggest writing a similar note or letter in your own words.
The story has a happy ending, though. Even as we drove back to our hotel room, I began ratcheting down my expectations. By the time I took my first sip, I expected something like a fizzy lager with a dash of caramel coloring. Of course, it wasn't. It was as intense as I recalled, if different. I remembered it as huge and malty, whereas it's actually a sharp dry stout (5.7%). It's got a luxurious bitter, equal parts tar and tobacco and a touch of sourness. I suspected that it was brewed with a lager yeast--it finishes out very dryly and there's not a hint of ester. Jackson says no, or did, a decade ago. The intensity is such that each mouthful pulls your attention back, but not so much that you don't almost immediately want another pull. It's not exactly a session stout, but it's in the ballpark. Two pints and you wouldn't suffer in the morning.
It's Friday, it's the same flourescent lights I'm always under, same shops, same books, same time to kill. Panda Eyed Girl has flickering alive eyes, sitting as she does behind the layby counter of Big W where I work for 1nce up and about and alert, as if she's really swallowed a motivational lesson. She's explaining the refund policy in accurate detail to a single mother who's attention is instead taken on perving on 1ne of the stockboys. Panda Eyed Girl blithely ploughs on with her spiel, and begins to try and build some rapport with the single mother with an oddly heartwarming tale about bike and Xmas that you could probably read on her blog or her Twitter feed. I bet she's on Twitter. I might look her up. I'm surprised at her story though - it doesn't feel right considering she's normally slumped over the edge of a desk reading New Idea and passing less than well thought out opinions about Lleyton Hewitt. I guess I shouldn't judge. The stockboy has no idea he's become the object of a perv, and goes about his duties quickly and quietly. I don't know when people began looking so young. He's positively glowing with health where as I just look like a yawning coughing mess. I work with a Twittering girl - not that she's on Twitter, but she jibbers like she is, 140ty characters of inanity right in my ear every minute of the day. No wonder I look such a mess. Too much GBH of the ear-hole. Panda Eyed Girl for the first time looks reflective and mature as the customer pushes the bike away gently, almost pushing it into a standee in her gazing at the healthy youthful glow of the stock boy. It's definitely strange to think of Panda Eyed Girl being the mature 1ne of the situational moment, because I realise I've been flicking through a cheaply priced copy of a Yo Gabba Gabba book. I also realise the most poignant moment from my Xmas childhood was getting a trampoline when I was 6ix that ended up being an absolute nightmare because it would always give me an electric shock off the metal edges, and gave me a phobic tick which carries over to this day where I expect everything to fry my fingers. I don't think I was ever young enough to be perved on, although I was relatively clueless at that age as to whether people liked me, but I do remember the exact moment I went from torpor channelled through irony, from being young and disaffected and thinking my entire childhood was shit because I didn't get a video camera in 1990 to genuine affectionate memories being something I cherished. In that sense, I've suddenly had a connection with Panda Eyed Girl, and I would have told her that, if it wasn't weird, and she wasn't having to pick the eyes out of a ridiculous debate with a customer as to whether something was 18.99 or 19.99, a debate that for all I know is still going on, an ouroborous of debate unsettled even after the metal gates had clanged to the ground ending another Big W day under the Big W lights...
Blog writers lately have been talking of the winds and yes, they have been strong at times. While in Tucson last year, we picked up some X Chocks for the wheels of the 5th wheel. There are easy to put on as you set up and come with a little handy tool which I also use for the rear jacks. The up side is that the rig does not rock nearly as much with the winds of the southwest! Bonus!!!!!
(I know "literally" is a very overused word these days, excuse me....)
In less than 2 weeks the world’s tallest female wrestler will make her debut in St Louis at NWA Dynamo/ High Voltage Wrestling. I have long to see “ISIS” the Amazon for quite some time as MWR has kept a close eye with her fellow Coastal Championship Wrestling colleague the CAC and HVW Champion Kahagas.
March is also a month of birthdays. My mom's was on 5th, Beth's on the 11th, my mother-in-laws on the 12th, my dad's on the 15th, and Mike's was on 30th. It's an expensive month! My mom is easy to buy for - she likes anything that I wear. My dad and Mike are impossible to buy for. What do you buy the men that don't need anything and don't really want anything?
Embroider a line of 8 sts 4 rows under mouth; embroider a line of 9 sts 2 rows above yellow band, centered over nose piece. Embroider “eyebrows” over eyes as pictured. Embroider “war paint” under eyes following chart.
Free parking is available in the lot across the street from the church.
Is it social to tweet your horoscope?
This is weird.
(1) Farmworkers under the age of 16 would be prohibited from “participating in the cultivation, harvesting and curing of tobacco”;
My wife thought it was a bit mad that I was pushing my novel, WEE ROCKETS, only available as an ebook, when I didn't own an ereader. And to be honest, I felt a bit bad about that too. I'd bought a few ebooks for the Kindle app on my iPod Touch but they were a pain in the arse to read that way. And while I tried out the Kindle for PC app, I found that wasn't for me either. But this thing... wow. I'm currently blazing through Anthony Neil Smith's All The Young Warriors (bloody brilliant it is too) and have lined up a host of exciting ebooks when I'm done with it. Yesterday I was able to eat a big sloppy sandwich and read at the same time as the Kindle sat on my desk without me having to battle a paperback spine with my thumb. And I love the font size I picked for my poor, punished eyes.
Toll Note: Those using the E-Z Pass system get a discounted rate of $9.14, and Staten Island residents pay $5.48. There was some outrage in 2009 when the toll was raised, of course, but as we all know, you can't fight City Hall or secede :)
I know this has been a lot, and I probably haven’t made much sense, sorry. I’m going to end this on this note; Jesus is merciful, his love is everlasting, and the most important commandments are to “Love the Lord your God.” and “Love your neighbor as yourself.” It’s pretty simple, you guys.
Room Color: First Snowfall, Benjamin Moore
North London film editing studio where she's putting finishing
I had to skip last year's event because I had my little Sloaney Bear in my belly. This year will make 4 years that I started running as a way to burn fat and get my booty in shape. Prior to my first half I was never a runner, but I found myself at an interesting point in my life with time and a body that wasn't the same after baby. So I decided to give running a try and I am addicted.
Sitting in my lap, blissfully unaware of what is to occur, she leans her head back onto my chest. Reaching her hand up, she finds my hair, and starts playing.
Sound in the hall during the concert: excellent
So, I did what any unhealed person who thinks they are healed does – I went on his Facebook page to see if I could tell who he was dating. I know, mature. I’ve never claimed to be perfectly balanced.
Are you new to Army life or have you been around for awhile and are feeling a little lost and confused? If you are then this book is for you. Intro to Army Life is an amazing book written my Allison Mewes. She has taken Army life and broken it down eight helpful categories, within the eight categories she breaks everything down further explaining all of the small details of Army life.
We decided to get off at Camps bay because I had to feel the water. The sea is flipping cold there. Not swimmer friendly at all. Camps bay reminds me of balito, except the sand is whiter.
In fact, I could put his favorite dog biscuit on the floor right under his nose, tell him to stay and he would stare a hole in the biscuit until I said, "OK, go get it!"
and hearts that answer with memories of guilt.
‘‘(B) for not acting on information obtained or shared in accordance with this section.
Ulpana, Beit El: Losers
The reality, however, is that since 2001 such unilateral captures by U.S. forces outside of “hot” battlefields, like Afghanistan, have been exceedingly rare. This is due in part to the fact that in many parts of the world our counterterrorism partners have been able to capture or kill dangerous individuals themselves.
I'm going to tell E that his advice was good and it worked for us and then cross my fingers and hope he doesn't see the need to ask what we were talking about.
2. Inflamed caller and smooth politician replying, both unidentified. Radio call-in show, New York, July 1979.
What the hell was going on? She thought as she went back around the table. Why do I feel like I am being treated as a suspect?
DR EVIL: Thanks doc, but over your shoulder I can see a very sleek Cadillac Eldorado pulling in so…
If you love Beth Devine Designs as much as I do you will be so happy to hear that there will be a giveaway soon! Look out for that! =)
Basic Grey paper..Porcelain collection (from at least last year!)
Why is it OK for people to tell you what they think you are doing wrong, what you need to change and in a rude way on top of it all, when not even asked.
-meeting up with her friends at their school during lunch
Never Let Me Go is a story of friendship and love, but above all, it is a story of silence, of restraint, and ultimately, of regret. Events unfold slowly, as the characters come to terms with the events from their childhood and their feelings towards each other. Ironically the pervasive silence and lack of action that caused so many of my friends to find the novel boring, are exactly what I enjoyed most about it.
As her music career began to falter, Mumba turned to acting. She appeared in a number of Irish indie films, as well as 2002's big-budget sci-fi flick "The Time Machine."
This is the third installment of "The Invisible Finite" by Robert A. Wait, a Gernsback Era science fiction story published for the first and only time in the May 1929 issue of Amazing Stories.
As many of you know, I've been on modified bed rest for the last two weeks. It basically means I have to lie on the couch for hours and only get up to use the bathroom or fix myself or the kids a quick sandwich. I've watched every show on daytime tv, which, let me just say: there is literally nothing good on except House Hunters and Paula Deen! During the other 23 hours of the day, I've been reading... one book after the next. I've found myself reading auto biographies like The Glass Castle, Angela's Ashes, and The Hiding Place. While some people might find this kind of reading depressing, I find it cathartic. It's nice to be reminded there are other people out there who have seen worse... much worse.
I had my Lilly entertaining book propped open with the derby section for fun!
I sewed a pink button to the centre of the tissue flower and then added some stickles and lastly a little pearl in the centre of that. I put the flower aside and then stamped a leaf silhouette from one of Kim Hughes collections from Cornish Heritage Farms. Hey, speaking of Cornish Heritage Farms ... did you know that the website is having a Re-Grand Opening on November 19th? If you remember or even if you don't remember the old store and you're interested in seeing what's coming up click here. Right, so as I was saying ... I stamped the leaves direct to the card front and then used a white pen to add some little specks on the leaves. I made the frame that the sentiment from CDS - Words of Sympathy is in using a combination of nestabilities, Labels Eighteen and Classic Ovals. Lastly I used the white pen again and traced around the border of the frame.
"Don't go chasing shadows, Arthur..."
Their naming scheme is a bit confusing but the Archos G9′s are currently running on Android 4.0.3 Ice Cream Sandwich, but the build from Archos rolling out today is 4.0.5 — not Ice Cream Sandwich, but that is the version of Archos’ own firmware. Apparently with ICS they’ve had a few issues with WiFi going extremely slow after being on for more than a few minutes. Some users have also reported no audio or audio issues with HDMI-out and streaming video or games. Archos has quickly fixed the problems and the update is available now for those interested.
Compare this to the time we spend with “traditional” (that is to say, “old”) media. Americans spend – on average – 4 hours a day watching television (that’s real TV, not streaming stuff) and about 2 hours a day listening to over-the-air radio. clearly, they have not gotten the message that these media are no longer cool.
Two (or four, according to some reports) more were injured during what is termed a "joint patrol" with local forces in southern Helmand, part of the mentoring process which is supposed to be improving the capabilities of the Afghan National Army (ANA) so that it can take over duties from ISAF.
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port Panzer Imperial Pilsner
where the potter sits
“You will notice there are no white galleries in here. White galleries were in the philosophy of a laboratory sterile space,” he said. “You weren’t distracted from the art by anything. In our case, we don’t mind a little bit of distraction; that’s what real life is like.”
In fact, probably to a preposterous degree.
Again, whenever the family complained that he was not spending enough time with them, he reasoned that he was doing all this for them. But he often yearned to spend more time with his family.
You voted for it, you got it.
where we felt we’d
#616 Bill Ripken (F$*% Face Version) - Of all the cards I could have pulled, who would have figured that I would have pulled this one? I am so very very very happy that I pulled this card, and it now becomes my best pull from a pack of all time. So I'm glad it gets to represent 1989 Fleer on APTBNL, because what better card to represent the set than this one?
Being a food blogger/freak, I’ve also wondered (a LOT) how much my tastes will continue to change. Will my palate dull over time? Will I hate candy at 40? Love anise at 55? Will Werther’s Originals ever, ever appeal to me, even when I’m old enough to call Methuselah a punk kid? (“Get off mah lawn, old man!”)
»Scene 6: iCarly studio«
In 1951, he joined Hradec Králové but an incident at 1953 May Day parade would result in the Communist Party forcing him to leave the city.
On the bare platform. What I saw
Just as I had imagined or created depending on how one views life, as soon as we move back to Bellingham life blossomed. Don't get me wrong for a second, I do miss the sun, bikinis, sagebrush, the Columbia River and a few very special people that call Eastern Washington home; my heart is at home in the trees.
I've just found this old ass necklace, it's probably fifteen or 14 years old or something. We had the Spice Girls back in the 90's but since I'm from '93 I was a little young to enjoy the culture that was and is the Spice Girls. But of course, having an older sister who's six years older than me, I grew up with the Spice Girls. Songs like Stop right now, spice up your life, who do you think you are, viva forever, say you'll be there, 2 become 1... lots of awesome songs that I probably still know by heart. Also, I can remember my sister having the most awesome lollipops in the world with Spice Girl wrappers and I think chewing gum inside or something? It's amazing how you can still remember these silly little things. My favorite Spice Girl was baby spice, Emma. She was and is such a cutie, maybe it was an early girl crush I had. :-D Now that I think about it, the nineties were full of awesome girl bands. Spice Girls, TLC, Destiny's child and I'm thinking that the Sugababes also came in the late 90's (I'll throw No Doubt in there too because of the strong female vocalist). Just from the top of my head, some of their songs were of course about being in love and digging on dudes but a lot of songs were also about female independence and growing up with that music was pretty cool. I kind of miss cool girl bands. :-(
Here is what MacDonald is after: If there is no correlation, as she states, then fighting crime can only be done by the police and the penal system. This is the conservative answer to crime, because it relieves the wealthy of their guilt toward the disadvantaged, and justifies their urge for retributive justice.
Smokie. Somehow it wouldn't feel like TOTP without them. OK, all their records blur into one for me but I don't care. I will never get tired of listening to them.
And don’t ever forget that the most important sexual organ is the brain.
Unfortunately these bottles are for decoration only, they don't actually stock Sierra Nevada and Trappist Rochfort. But what they do have is a small selection of the better known Belgian beers, from which I picked a Chimay...
and we had a few bets on each race ... with limited success.
Seriously, I hope the Times keeps up with this nonsense. They are becoming more transparent by the day. Thanks to the psychos at the New York Times, people are going to have an easier time painting a mental picture and associating "men and women of good will toiling endlessly to make her (Amerika) better" with Al Sharpton and Malik Muhammed.
And tomorrow he has to move out of his house. And into the care of virtual strangers to live out his days with more indignities than anyone should ever, ever have to suffer.
Under a Red Sky: Memoir of a Childhood in Communist Romania by Haya Leah Molnar
The Police Department reached out to Jack Maxton Chevrolet. They called and asked for help with the purchase of a car for this family. After days of research the Used Car Manager Doug Williams, and Sales Specialist Donna Edwards found the perfect vehicle. They were overjoyed to help this family in need.
Two of the most watched pieces of litigation surrounding the District of Columbia's relatively new anti-SLAPP law could merge if Washington attorney and political strategist Lanny Davis gets his way.
Now that I'm 30, I am really taking my skin care seriously!
6. Rock Boys
In the beginning, teachers would stand at the podium,
This was what Drew and I got her. I think it might take a while for her to really get the hang of pedaling. Right now she can do it if she's on a slight hill. Neil, Justin, and Darcy's "G.G." are the spectators in this picture.
"Walking a Literary Labyrinth: A Spirituality of Reading" by Nancy M. Malone
Nothing is right. Nothing feels really good in my life.
Sentiment mat is cut from Elegant Edges pg. 28 oblong at 1.75"
He said, "Larissa, respect isn't something that is earned. It either is or it isn't." (meaning it is either there and exists or it doesn't) That one flew right over my head at the time. Believe me, I thought about his words. I allowed his words to fully sink in - but I still didn't quite understand it. It took me awhile to realize that what he was saying was absolutely true in every way. There was absolutely nothing that Rich could do to earn my respect. His position in our family - alone - was worthy of my respect. Putting aside all else, the fact that God gave him the role of leader in our family was worthy of my respect.
I think Sanderson has a skillful way of formulating a story to get the reader to believe one thing and then all of a sudden he introduces a new element to throw the reader off the scent completely. For instance, a character like Elend. I think having these three groups on the periphery is not an accident. He is leading us, but I don’t know where yet. And that’s exciting.
My next appointment is Friday, February 3. I got my Gestational Diabetes test results back, and I passed with flying colors. WOO HOO – bring on the King Cake! Everything else checked out A-OK, too, with the exception of the anemia test. I’m slightly anemic. This isn’t really a big surprise as I was the same way with Anna. I just have to take Iron supplements for the remainder of my pregnancy. No biggie. This would explain my fatigue. Or maybe it’s just being pregnant in general that makes me tired. I’ll blame it on the anemia.
Mindfulness and Money lays out the Path of Abundance with practical wisdom, exercises, meditations, and real-life examples that speak to Buddhists and others alike. When we follow the Path, the authors promise, we not only avoid suffering about money; we also move closer to knowing who we really are, and we set ourselves free to live with our life’s true purpose.
One Heart
Sometimes it can be a lonely and scary business. How do you organise holiday or sickness cover? Who do you chat to about tricky or unusual cases? Do you struggle to find the information you need about IPReg, indemnity insurance, tax, employment law and other business practice issues? And-an unpleasant but important question-do you have a business continuity planning in case of sudden incapacity?
you might notice that the two panels closest to me when taking this photo are still wet with black paint. we had a little mis-measuring mishap that caused for some fun "drama" and crunch-time insanity on my part..but I went out and got two more panels and got them painted ;) plus, I was able to show my friends in the lumber department of Lowe's what I was actually doing with those boards they cut for me. I am good pals with all the dudes in the lumber department, though I'm pretty sure they're always wondering what the heck I'm up to :)
On the subject of kids, I have boys, and they like things like pocket knifes, magnifying glasses, matches, i-spy books and notebooks - and I say that, not because I'm a middle class throwback to the Sixties, it's because they work at engaging their interest. For something more modern, try a fling sock which is possibly the most fun we've had from a present and in a different league to a Frisbee or a worse, a kite... I have this theory that people only fly kites when they're bored. Another tip - keep spare clothes in the car; this is blindingly obvious but even we forget sometimes, and yet it makes such a difference if there's any sort of stream or lake they might fall in - because of course, they will.
if only you’d meet my eye!
I’ll catch a glimpse of my old yellow bag in the dresser as I’m getting ready for work each morning, and think of the good times we shared together. I don’t want to be so old-fashioned as to revert to those fond memories for everyday use. Still, it’s nice just knowing it’s there if I ever want to relive the glory days.
I've been feeling so optimistic lately, taking such joy in the Spring. I feel like I'm moving in the right direction, if slowly, and that things will work out. They'll be okay. I hope those feelings are right!
While the cheesecake bakes, combine all the topping ingredients in a large bowl and mix well. Store in the refrigerator until the cheesecake has cooled for 30 min, then smooth on top. Allow the cheesecake to cool for at least 4 hours before serving, although overnight would be best.
Then I jumped in my car and drove the seven hours to be there because I am a wish washy can't make up my mind kind of spacy that way sort of person. I realized I could not miss it.
*Offer 20% lower than the asking price. Then, take what they counter-offer.
It just feels like I have always had rabbits.
Donald had a stumble moment in his dance as well, but he didn’t let it get him down – he kept on going. He was so smooth and he obviously loved Motown night.
"It’s enough to exercise your vagina five minutes a day, ladies, and in just one week you’ll be able to give yourself and your man unforgettable pleasure in bed," she says.
My greatest source, however, comes in the form of the screaming little bundle of joy next to me. Here are some pictures of baby Kellen, a special thanks to Chaddie and no thanks to me, since I haven't taken my camera out once. I have a whole new appreciation for why it takes new mothers so long to post pictures.
Some of it was also on the pillow that we leave on the living room floor for the baby to lay on while she watches her Sesame Street videos. Insult to injury, anyone?
If you are looking for formal shirts for men then get it from the famous online shopping store that is Major brands. This reputable online shopping store in India offer massive deals and discounts on clothes for men, women and kids. Also, it has fashion products such as sunglasses, watches, cosmetics and handbags of top brands. You will find different types of colors, sizes and designs in formal shirts for men . There is latest variety available in formal shirts which you can see when you stumble upon the website at men’s section. For example, Giordano brand offers variety of formal shirts for men.
That's when it hit me. Where are my friends? Who could I call on short notice to come with me?
I am invisible.
Online studies are a great way to complete the educational training required for a career in environmental sciences. With a variety of accredited online schools and colleges you can build the skills and knowledge needed to have a successful career. You will have the opportunity to choose how much time is spent on coursework, and where you study. Accredited online training programs can help you to create the path needed to enter into a successful career in the field of environmental sciences. You can train for your desired career by obtaining an accredited degree or certificate online.
We didn't have enough of any one color, so we figure, since we'll be hosting from now on, might as well have a big set ready. And these will go with every color tablecloth for the holidays - cream, bright red, dark red, gold, green, etc.
We agreed that I would be more careful in the future.
Sunday I didn't set an alarm to go off so I slept in. Considering how tired I was the previous night it was good to get the rest. As it was I was up by 9 am and on my way back to the Dutchess County fairgrounds. I expected to be parking some ways from the entrance, but Asphalta, the goddess of parking, was very generous and gave me a place right next to the path that led to the entrance. The day before I had had a good spot but finding my vehicle when I was done was awful. Thank goodness for the horn button on the remote, else I would have been there for over an hour looking for it.
“I understand!” the girl said, smiling with enthusiasm. Every fairy education began with the study of nature, time, and their corresponding ceremonies. Regular rituals kept the fairies in tune with the movements of the stars and the moon. Hannah squeezed her daughter’s hand. She was proud of Panther’s quick ability to learn complex ideas.
Earlier this month, Karen at Did You Make That? proposed to host a pyjama party sew-along and I thought, “Hey! I can do that!” Not taxing at all and was actually something I needed to do. Why not make it fun in the process? Karen broke everything down one step at a time, which was a good reminder to me that I don’t necessarily need to finish all my sewing projects in one fell swoop.
We ended up unexpectedly at this spot having had a lovely lunch at the Pilot Inn, a pub dating back to 1801, a lone clump of small buildings clinging on in a no-man's land, despite the building of the O2 arena and the 'Millennium Village' around it. Despite this, it is a pub with a lovely feel, including an outside garden. My Greenwich-born and bred husband remembers uncles coming to drink here at 'their local' when it was still set in a light industrial area.
WEBS Walkabout (not in the Aussie sense of the word)
Cardstock from CTMH
Since baking is my passion I wanted to share an easy recipe that I've been tweaking, which offers a variety of customizations for your family's needs and personalities. They're a portable riff on granola, but without the grains and tons of sugar.
(Above: 12-13-28, Click each for bigger!)
Canvas Home Basics Craft – blank surfaces is the key to our craft line. Surfaces for home décor projects, party and event decorating and everyday paper crafts."
“I don’t feel respected,” says Wu. “After doing this season, that’s what I realized. And that’s my justification for why I won’t stay here much longer.”
Welcome to KMC. Couple months ago, a friend of a friend asked me to help her make some wedding invitations (about 100) for her upcoming wedding (next year). Her wedding colors are red and gold. Therefore, I made a wedding invitation sample using the wedding colors of red and gold. The bride-to-be wants it to be cute but elegant. This is my first time of making wedding invitation, I hope the bride-to-be will like it. In the meantime, I will try to develop more wedding invitation concept cards for the bride-to-be to choose.
Darkness was a fearful time for me anyway - Boogers, you know. The scary ghost stories we heard while sitting around the hearth or heating stove when a neighbor or relative visited helped to create for me an underlying lifelong fear of the dark.
Today I am playing along with this challenge:
He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.
Some stunning photos from one of the largest European castles, located approximately 2 hours of travel from my place. I've been there more than ten times. I hope that you'll enjoy it :)
4.) The Pretty Things – S.F. Sorrow / 1969
And I know not which I should follow,
I guess I shouldn't be surprised that people are interested in this industry. First, because everybody loves chicken. I bet even vegetarians are poppin' Chick-fil-A chicken minis behind closed doors (I'm onto y'all). And second, it is pretty amazing how this business works. I never really thought about what it actually takes to feed 300 million or so people.
Going down the hallway, I passed the glassed-in humidity control rooms with robots (and I believe it is where they are developing the zombies) to my left. This area reminds me of the Hive in Resident Evil, only not filled with zombie water. Yet.
If Mitt can’t stand up to a sick little Nazi like Bryan Fischer, how is he going to do against Iran or North Korea or China or Russia?
Actually it all started because we desperately needed to do something about our anchor chain getting rustier and rustier. Going on four years of nearly constant anchoring, the chain was getting bad. The solution is to either buy new chain or get the old chain re-galvanized. A new chain in the States would run over $1000.00 dollars and then we would have to get it here. Here in Mexico, you would be hard pressed to find the right type of chain and the quality would be suspect. Anchor chain comes in specific sizes that fit the gypsy on the windlass, which hoist the chain and anchor off the bottom. For all those reasons, re-galvanizing was the right thing to do. Anyway, to ship it with a local trucking company, have it acid-bathed and dipped should cost about $250.00, so it seemed a no-brainer. There is a galvanization plant in Mexicali, Mexico up near the border that can "dip" our chain in a vat of hot molten galvanization and make it like new.
Ajwain gives a smoky flavor to this paratha.Cauliflower(Gobi) mingles with coriander leaves gives a nice flavor to this.Spice it up with green chilli and you dont need any sidedish.
I have a doctor! It’s been a long time coming—about 3 years to be exact. When you turn 18, you lose your family doctor that you had growing up. Now that you are an adult, you have personal responsibilities like seeking a doctor to look at your personal areas without having your parents there in the room.
I’m doing my best to remain calm under pressure and be grateful that I have time to enjoy, this one last time, the azaleas and rhododendrons that we’ve planted. The shrubs that we’ve seen from twigs to six foot monsters, the clematis that scrambles over the old oak tree. The bluebells that were a serendipitous extra that came with some topsoil we bought years ago. One last time to enjoy the clean, fresh leaves of a hosta that has travelled with us over four moves.
No work, no priorities, no worries.
Trade mark licensing then came under the spotlight with special attention to competition law issues and territorial restrictions. Finally we touched on IP rights in products that turned out to derivative products in Global Coal.
I want you to hear those stories too! I want you to have the opportunity to share your stories so we are looking for guest contributors.
Whole Red Chillies- 6-8 in no.
Change and conflict management will continue to be the most difficult things for global businesses to control. Living and conducting business in a world of virtualized management, you must rely on building trust and loyalty. Seeking to understand facilitates trust and builds a better team, which is really the recipe for creating value. To do this, you must work toward understanding the local issues, and demonstrate decisiveness and compassion.
“Aceh is a Shariah region,” Illiza added. “Everyone should obey it and the punk community is clearly against Shariah.”
Paper: Basic Black, Gable Green, Whisper White, DP- K&Co
Our visit was so relaxing: great accommodations, wonderful visit with family, fabulous food by Lynette, Nanna and Steve, and to top it off I was able to get my "dog fix" in by hanging out with Buddy, Lucy and Finster - I, unbeknownst to Lynette, Steve and Larry, was trying to figure out how I could "sneak" the dogs into our car without anyone noticing - oh how I wish Jack (our cat) would accept a canine roommate! I thought I took more pictures, especially of family, but I was so busy enjoying the visit that I forgot to take pictures!
Slow cooked lamb belly, with lemon, chives and tarragon, Beltane Farms yogurt on top, and a Fava bean mash on the bottom. The lamb was tender, juicy and flavored very well. The yogurt was tart and added a wonderful contrast to the inherent fattiness of the lamb belly. Chef Arik sent us out some brussel sprouts and we loaded up my plate: they were caramelized, flavorful, and made us lean back in our seats in awe. This course came with an impressive 2004 Barolo from Michele Chiarlo.
Bo Xilai, with his son, at a memorial ceremony held for his father in Beijing, in 2007.
“The whole idea of language being foreign is kind of disappearing,” he said.
He didn’t finish or anything…he just got up, said he had fun, and left.
Al-Raas’ appeal will be heard Nov. 22.
With that dying thought being ‘What If?’
14. Lost - original schwindegger spitzbuam live in krumpa
“I said what I always say, which is that I personally think you should only tell a joke about any ethnic group if you can tell it to their face and they will laugh AND you can tell it when they’re not around and people who are not of that group will not find it offensive.
Yarrow should be harvested while the herb is in flower, on a dry day after the morning dew has evaporated. The leaves, stems, and blossoms are all used medicinally. The leaves should be cut from the stems and spread out on a paper-lined tray to dry in a bright, airy room, out of direct sunlight.
The only reason to make those polite requests is to preserve moral high ground for later. Basically: Do it so that you can say you did. You will need to be able to say that later for when every adult who promised to have your back inevitably betrays your trust, because your only weapon against them is your ability to destroy their credibility. Talk to them first to set up the shot.
Jamie grunts and I scowl at him.
My thoughts are the Disciples when they fled,
Delaware's claim to fame, other than the beaches, is that it was the first of the original 13 states. The postage stamp on this card commemorates statehood and the bicentennial of the ratification of the Constitutional Convention, which gave birth to the governing bodies of the USA.
This is all a bastardization of the original story by Gogol, whose protagonist was Russian, a Protestant. His son marries a Polish girl, a Catholic, during the religious war between the two countries in the 1600's, and the Russian father simply kills his son to eliminate the shame.
While we were walking around the campus, we heard music from somewhere. We tried to walk to the source of music but coulnd't really pinpoint the location. It seemed like the sound was coming from the other side of the street so we went back to the car and took the car to find this location.
(BTW Can someone please explain to me the point of a decaff espresso??)
- Federal Wire
When sexual selection is weak, the adaptive equilibrium is dominated by selection for a dull, cryptic appearance that reduces detection by predators (Kirkpatrick, 1987). As sexual selection grows stronger, the equilibrium shifts toward a more noticeable appearance that retains the attention of potential mates, typically by means of vivid and/or novel colors.
Enjoy your day! xx
Avery's 5 year-old reaction was...not good.
When I saw this beautiful photograph above the sofa, I just HAD to do some research. A colleague of mine also fell in love, and we just absolutely had to find it. Tonight I did! Via Pinterest (thank you very much for those back links) and here you go.... Photograph by Virginia Macdonald.
Why do parents leave their babies to cry it out, but immediately cuddle and console a friend who is upset?
We had some wonderful entries and a lot of them too! :)
I was interested in finding out why a school failed to get at least one pupil who passed national examinations and the discoveries I made were fascinating. Yes communities may be disadvantaged in terms of resources. However one of the key areas has been addressed-thanks to the donation of text books by UNICEF in conjunction with the Education Ministry. The books however, continue to be condemned by certain people with an agenda that is meant to discredit anything that is perceived to be “Western”. Surely textbooks as a resource in schools are important whether they come from the United Kingdom government just as computers are necessary even if they are a Chinese donation. (But that is something for another time.)
Friend: To get to Gravier, go out and turn right, then cross over to…..
And Layla, over at The Lettered Cottage, has a preview of what's to come for the holidays, with a list of bloggy holiday decorating parties that they are sponsoring when you have a minute to be inspired. Yes, I realize that blog reading may only come in minutes.....so this link will be helpful in seeing the big picture and honing in on just what you want to read. Be inspired.
"As in buried? Like dead?"
"What's up?" I ask. "Aren't you feeling it?"
Rand: If it costs $7 a person for us to go to the movies, Bren, how much would that cost for our whole family to go.
Homemade Calendula Baby Soap
This pie takes a while to come together. First you pre-bake the crust. While it is baking, you make the chocolate cream. Both need to cool completely before the filling is spooned into the crust. Once that is done, the pie must then sit for 5-6 hours before serving.
11. Interview at the Faena Hotel (21 Abril 2012)
Lady Beatrix is finally found out and her lies about Rowena are exposed. Retribution is swift and severe.
Two haiku about: order.
And this card was created using the "Palm Beach" collection by Webster's Pages. I simply cannot wait for summer! We're having temps in the 70s here next week and I am so excited for warm weather. Not that I can really complain...this was one of the most mild winters we have ever had!
So, I now realize that I have been updating my Facebook status over this blog- oopsie. The last I posted about Baylor was that they were not going to be able to accept Ethan's insurance. Well, I was literally looking up Baylor administration contacts when I got the call from the Program Director that they COULD accept Ethan's insurance! Phew, what a roller coaster!
Don’t know if you saw the Big Question show this morning – but it was apparant to me that Tommy was attacked by muslim and liberal ‘guests’ on the show – typically he was referred to as far right despit him asking for a definiton.
What a clown
This is why Jesus declared that God desired chesed not sacrifice, why Jesus taught us to respond to violence with non-violent resistance, why Jesus exhorted us to love our enemies, why Jesus extolled us to acts of compassion, why Jesus wept over Jerusalem (the city whose name means shalom—peace and wholeness) because it did not know that the way to true shalom was not through ritual sacrifice, and why Jesus extended chesed with his very last breath to all of us who are enslaved by humanity’s reconciliation system (manifested in the cross) because we don’t know what we are doing—we don’t know that the act we believe to be our salvation is actually the sinful act from which God is seeking to save us.
Radiohead Karma police UK
Brownie has been a pain from day one. First she wouldn’t pass the emissions test. Poor-Mom spent the required 160.00 attempting to repair it and earned a waiver. Brownie then sat in the driveway for a month until Poor-Mom could scrape up the dough for the plates and registration. Then Poor-Mom got pulled over for Brownies un-lit tail light and got a lovely ticket for having no insurance. Then there was court and a fine, and the buying of insurance, and yadda yadda. Brownie was curbed for 4 months while additional cash-scrapeage took place.
Johanna has everything it takes to be a successful blogger but is highly blog resistant: she just refuses to blog -- this while owning more than a dozen fantastic vintage sewing machines that could provide half a year's worth of blog content. Johanna claims she doesn't want to have a blog. I think she should work it out with a therapist as it probably relates to her upbringing but she resists that too.
“Watch ‘em online,” he replied.
1 prime
A year to the day since the voucher was purchased and after four other attempts to get up in the sky, we finally hit gold and made our way to Worcester Race course in the early dawn hours of last weekend. The ground was crunchy underfoot, the field we arrived in had a thick layer of mist floating just above it and the sun was just about to rise.
I waved it away, told her it would be fine.
Certainly the word evangelical itself, taken to its roots, has a pretty basic meaning. It originates from the Greek εὐαγγέλιον (evangelion), which stems from ευ (“good”) + ἀγγέλλω (“bear news”). The εὐαγγέλιον is the message being borne, the “good news” — in Christian usage, the gospel of Christ. An evangelist is someone who bears the gospel, and in Catholic circles usually refers to the four authors of the biblical Gospels, Ss. Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. So evangelical literally means “of, pertaining to, or conveying good news (the gospel).”
I love your enthusiasm for my books, I appreciate your support, and I’m especially thankful you took the time out of your busy day to review the books and post the reviews, but . . . must you give away so much of the plot? A review is not a synopsis and readers do not need you to reveal every major plot point of the book. And they especially do not need (or want) you to tell them how it ends. What people want is a reason to read the book, and if you tell them too much, you have taken away any reason for them to read it, in which case you have done us all a disservice. And I am sure that was never your intention.
because alot of the now doesn't inspire me as much.....I also like
It has been a busy past few days here in Averagejake land. Final preparations for FDIC, studying for an impending promotional exam, running a ton of calls at work, working out, getting the kids to their various activities, dealing with seasonal allergies, etc.
This movie is also very bizarre and at times surreal when you see what kind of psychological effects the brainwashing has had on Noriko and Yuka, but it is all leading up to the end in a sort of dark and twisted story of self discovery for the two sisters. Through the tragic and extreme psychological situations they are put through, they ultimately find out some things about themselves and sort of transcend the whole ordeal in the ending. But it isn’t so much a happy ending where the whole family is reunited and they live happily ever after, because they have been through so much that you can see it is impossible for them to ever go back to being who they were. If it seems like any kind of description of this movie is elusive or not making much sense then that is because the movie is the same way. It is one you have to pay close attention to and watch several times to get some things you may have missed during the first go around, but as dark and depressing as this movie is I am guessing that for some watching once might be enough.
Conway – We all know about your time out. What was it like not being able to compete for the better part of 2 seasons?
It is unknown if any other Fulford clone are out in the world; most have been detained by the Brethren of the White Robe and human-like extraterrestrials from the Pleiadean star system of Taygeta.
“Even the maximum volume on the iPad can sometimes seem a little quiet, which has prompted many of us to perform thet tried-and-true ‘cup your hand over the speaker’ trick that gets us a little more sound –which works really well for a quick video clip but isn’t terribly practical or comfortable for more than a few seconds. Fortunately, coregeek has a DIY solution called the SoundScoop that should help you out at a cost ringing in around USD $0.99…
A caveat: We have not actually tried this yet, but my son is convinced it would be delicious. It may have to be on the menu soon.
Harry Potter Seires by JK Rowling – 400
I got up and fixed my family my “famous” oatmeal for breakfast, made a pot of Hazelnut coffee, and grabbed my Bible to satisfy my hunger for time with Him and to absorb the nutrients for my soul from His word. My oatmeal is famous, because it’s the one item I can fix and not burn. Or at least I haven’t ever burnt it. Yet! J
Prime Minister Netanyahu also noted comrades who died when he was serving in the armed forces.
“Picked up on an old warrant. Bullshit,” answered Andy.
But first, back to the iPhone: Apple wasn’t so arrogant as to think that they would come up with all possible good ideas for using the iPhone — or that they would ever be able to hire enough developers to do that. So they built an open platform, and now I can pay my bills, play my games, and find restaurants in the “C” concourse at O’Hare, all through third party apps.
Technique is something that I would usually point the finger at. If I’ve noticed it then it’s been done in a ham-fisted way. American crime shows where everything needs to get wrapped up neatly in 43 minutes are a perfect example; if someone coughs you know it’s a clue. That’s an example of plot done badly. An example of plot done well is the Pinter play which, if you haven’t seen it, runs backwards, beginning at the end of an affair and showing scenes from the relationship going back to the first meeting. Impossible to disguise so why try? And that’s what I liked about this book: she doesn’t hide her technique but because it’s unusual and atypical; it makes us think about why she’s chosen this particular approach.
Article 2.4 of the Agreement recognizes the sovereignty of states over their natural resources and the access to their genetic resources pursuant to the 1992 Convention on Biological Diversity of Rio de Janeiro. It also specifies that the parties cannot be prevented from adopting measures aimed at meeting the aims of Rio: (i) conservation of biological diversity, (ii) the sustainable use of its components and (iii) the fair and equitable sharing of the benefits from the use of genetic resources (Article 1 of the Rio de Janeiro Convention).
Here are some lessons I learned in Chi-Town:
Hubby ripped up all the old peel and stick tile that had become brittle and we ripped out all the old shelving from the walls. We have plans to install new flooring, paint the walls and create a new shelving system that will allow me to do many loads of laundry (particularly cloth diapers).
Disclaimer: I will be receiving a top for free to review. No compensation was received. The opinions expressed are my own.
13. Slumber Party Massacre
Gretchen is tired of monsters pulling her out into the wee hours, especially on a school night, but what can she do? Sending the minotaur back to his bleak home is just another notch on her combat belt. She never expected to run into this girl who could be her double, though.
Feel free to click the FOLLOW button on the bottom right of this page, input your email address and receive your Philly Pressbox posts directly in your email.
He’s gonna find me some piece of mind
Adding the vodka.
Love London's stuff, none-the-less and the cover art is nicely handled.
Now hold on I am actually doing something a little different tonight....
I visited where you live this week. I took the train from Marylebone and travelled away from London through stations with names like Seer Green, Gerrard's Cross and Beaconsfield, and I watched the world around me change, becoming something I once remembered it to be. I know where you live very well, as it is where I come from, but ts a different world to where I live now, yet for how much longer?
As is common for "invited" contestants that SYCO likes and have already signed, Ronan and his parents were provided with a car to drive them to the audition in London. These "invited" contestants don't have to queue up with everyone else, they don't go through the preliminary auditions with producers, but perform straight to Simon and the judging panel at a prearranged
Them Other (candidates) Aint Eatin Like A Ramadan (I thought Romney was a Mormon?)
is the essence
So that was pretty much the weekend, laying in the sun, day drinking and getting burned by a fajita plate. I’m sure I left some stuff out but gotta leave some things a mystery!
A close-up of the bag (from last Christmas as well), and the cross necklace, last seen at Alice Cooper: And a shot of my silver snake ring and my ear cuff, both of which are well over 20 years old.
Inky and glittery fingers for all!
i inked up using Versa Color "Pinecone".
Where do you go from there? Good creative knows to follow the brief. Great creative takes what's in the brief and spins the key message to make it relevant to audience. It's how we weave our gossamer web of creativity, threading strategy and problem solving into the tapestry of our work. Creatives need facts to start this process. Good creatives get it. Great creatives crave it and can't start working without it.
All buildings incorporate a range of floor coverings. For instance, offices are usually carpeted, kitchens and toilets usually contain sheet vinyl or stone tile. Whatever the floor type, each has its own particular characteristics, one of which will be their ability to resist slips when people travel across them.
The more things seem to change, the more they stay the same
it’s been fun, I’ll think of it as good times
Also the TYE, The young entrepreneurs program, with TIE that is designed and executed by IWSB has successfully completed its second year. We are in talks to offering this to the college going youth too across the country where we will technology to a great extent.
I think you’d be hard pushed to deny that this version is more entertaining. From the off it strikes a good balance between plot, character development and action. It doesn’t try to dig as far into the hero’s psychology as Lee’s film, but as that crippled the earlier attempt it’s for the best. Norton is a more appropriate Banner than Eric Bana was, achieving drama, humour and action with aplomb. In fact, even though there’s notably less of it, it seems Leterrier and his cast are as adept at crafting dramatic scenes as Lee and his lot were. They’re certainly better at action sequences, of which there are a good number and all well executed. Attempting an athletic chase over rooftops and through small streets so soon after Casino Royale and The Bourne Ultimatum did similar things to such acclaim seems a bold move, and while Hulk‘s version isn’t as memorable it doesn’t suffer unduly from comparison. The final monster-on-monster punch-up is immeasurably better than the first film’s bizarre climax, but the real stand out for me was the battle on the university campus. All of this is helped by vastly improved CGI. No longer is the Hulk an oversized action figure, but instead has weight and grit, and is altogether more believable. You’re never going to be convinced he’s real, obviously, but this time round they’ve made him more than close enough.
But remember: Information is not knowledge.
Okay, so I was all in pain with the mysterious back/hip problem. That pretty much lasted a whole month. I never went to a doctor, just kind of waited for it to go away, which it finally seems to have done. Now I just feel rather blah bad, not like really bad, which I guess is mostly normal for me now.
It should be shown.
-dalia
1 assign
That I see you – But I can’t feel you – Anymore – So go away - I need you – But I can’t need you – Anymore – You hesitate
It was an honest mistake.
ARE YOU FEELING SICK, DADDY?
2002-Daunte Culpepper: Sufferd a season ending knee injury in week 11. Never the same again.
Speaking of weddings... June 9th marked 31 years for Marylynn and I. I posted these to Facebook Wednesday and thought that I might share them here with you.
It does that.
“Sorry. I have looked forward to this moment for a long time. My father meant everything to me as I know he did to many of you. He was a good wise man and strong leader. He was always willing to help those in need, Be them mutant or human. I wont to be that to all of you. Not only your leader but your friend. I want you to feel comfortable coming to me, no mater what your concerns may be. I can only hope I do my father’s memory proud, that I do all of you proud. Helix has always been important to me, every member like family. Especially after my father’s death when many of you were there for me and my mother, and for me after her passing.” I fight back tears, but have to wipe my eyes. Those who knew my parents well, bow their heads in sorrow.
My apologies for taking so long in getting all your (hundreds and hundreds) of comments approved. They are all now done.
There was a girl at school who’d say
A great cancon haul for me. I got a whole bunch more kryomek figures in a bargain bin, including aliens, chunky cyclos and swat. Cannot wait to paint those to match my rogue trader stuff!
I just realized that of the creatures I saw and heard, aside from the wood duck, the only ones the binoculars helped with, were the-not-quite-identified wader and osprey. Clearly they are best left at home (where by the way, I have identified over 70 bird species while sitting on the back deck with a beer. For this the binoculars are perfect!)
“I am really pleased with my game today. It was hard because my opponent fights for every point,” said Saina. “There were ups and downs because one side of the court is more affected by the draft, but I managed to keep the lead in the third game. That was important. I’m really feeling like home here in Indonesia. It’s the third final I’m playing in and I hope I can beat my Chinese opponent. I like to play against the Chinese.”
Outskirts Press was founded in 2002 by Brent Sampson and has quickly grown into one of the leading group of Print-on-demand publishers and providers of book publishing solutions. Based in Denver, Colorado, Outskirts Press was recognised as the third fastest growing privately held company in Colorado. Sampson himself has proved to be a widely successful author of POD publishing guides, including Sell Your Book on Amazon and Self-Publishing simplified.
Addisyn was your typical teenage girl with dreams and plans for the future. That all changed the day she died. Three days after a school shooting ends her life she awakens to the best of her best friend Hunter. He, along with four other angels, is her Link. She is now a Neophyte, a changed angel, and they will be training and protecting her for the next five years until she becomes a full-fledged angel and gets her assignment.
in the end, it was the big sister who came up with our "train" theme.
American hawk Edward Luttwak wrote in Coup d’État: a Practical Handbook, that “a coup consists of the infiltration of a small, but critical, segment of the state apparatus, which is then used to displace the government from its control over the remainder.”
3.) doesn’t matter
whether or not we believe in superstition, it's just a funny way to look at things sometimes.
Preserve To-Go cups
It was a fun vacation.
I haven’t given up on us.
that the church was ultimately responsible for the demise of his building,
I am a preschool teacher for Toddlers. I have a class full of 2 year olds and in addition to making the children feel safe and loved, I have to plan curriculum on a monthly basis to help develop important skills. The following is a list of activities I’ve applied to my classroom which can be used by teachers and parents alike!
I invite you to visit Duane Ensing’s website at:
For to long to mention there have been a few hair accessories that needed some attention. They have been sitting on the kitchen counter being moved from one spot to the next. I keep finding a reason to put off this task. After moving them for the thousandth time I finally pulled out the glue gun to get it done.
Ann, or perhaps Jo, said that one impressive thing about the novel was the way that early on we are led to see the Garners as unusually philanthropic slave owners, but later realize that this is just a matter of relativity, and that they have their own cruelties. I said that one of the most horrifying moments for me, though, was not the out-and-out cruelty from which it's easy to distance oneself, but the incident towards the end when Sethe's living daughter Denver goes to the abolitionists' house to ask for work. Here she comes across something which horrifies her: a small statue of a black child with its head pulled back and its lower lip extended to receive coins casually thrown down, ready for paying tradesmen - a figure so like the Little-Black-Sambo collection figures that stood unremarked outside shops and in arcades in my own childhood, that I was pushed up suddenly against my own unconscious collusion in racism.
But fortunately the Meadowside offices are lovely and bright and there was a real surprise of a welcome when I finally reached the fourth floor ( toilets on the floor below.) "We've got something to show you," said Lucy with a grin and pulled me to a bookshelf display at the back of the room. And there is was! My novel, HIDDEN, in proper novel format! I was so excited.
So I pondered and scratched out various possibilities, and casually read through various texts by and about Che or Abe, wondering what the most suggestive, poetic and concise way of connecting these two men across time and history could be, until one day I hit on something that I just knew was right. It was a quote, by Che, in reference to his trip to New York City in 1964 to address the United Nations’ General Assembly. It seems that while he was in New York there were two attempts on his life, one by a man wielding a gun and one by a woman with a knife. When asked about these attacks by a journalist, he is said to have responded with a smile and a bemused wisecrack: “It is better to be killed by a woman with a knife than a man with a gun” said Che.
The later Victorian dining tables extended by means of a winding mechanism operated by a handle.
I watched the animals eat the jungle
Day 22: Do you have a song or songs that make you think of your child(ren)
African Partnership for Sexual and Reproductive Health and Rights of Women and Girls (AMANITARE) Now based in South Africa, since 2000 AMANITARE has worked to advance the rights of African women, irrespective of difference, based on the principle of bodily integrity
1 equipment
“Yeah, I’m Jake Hanna.”
Definition: A terrifying beast of inexplicable strength and a mighty appetite. Not exactly the brains of the operation. Oftentimes a downright fool, who will try desperately to garner attention.
If the beta of our fund is .85 and our fund returns 90% of the index we have positive alpha for us.
In India, one can actually see that a person who takes a bath in the Ganges waters daily is almost free from all kinds of diseases. A very respectable brāhmaṇa in Calcutta never took a doctor’s medicine. Even though he sometimes felt sick, he would not accept medicine from the physician but would simply drink Ganges water, and he was always cured within a very short time. The glories of Ganges water are known to Indians and to ourselves also.
Avery Brewing Company Out Of Bounds Stout
*A Live Art Auction-with honors art students pieces and local artist pieces
Well ... our house is defiantly child proofed right now lol..
In his book titled “Talent,” Talent Management thought leader Edward Lawler III says an organization’s “value proposition should include being a good place to work.” It follows that onboarding strategies are critical to retaining high performing individuals and essential steps in the Talent Management value chain. Unfortunately the importance of onboarding can sometimes be underestimated given the array of human capital management practices. It stands to reason – if you start new hires off on the right foot, they’ll be more engaged and more productive as a result.
You may remember a few posts and a few weeks ago I got a new sewing machine - a Pfaff Quilt Expression, and Margaret Atwood's story pretty much sums up my experience. It does amazing things but it is hands down, no holds barred the pickiest sewing machine I've ever met, and I've met a lot! BUT, the silly thing is growing on me. It handles invisible thread flawlessly and does a fantastic job on machine binding. It's alphabets work great. It does sooo may things sooo well, that, well, there's hope that we can learn to co-exist. My 6 word story for this would probably go something like this:
A3. Heart Disease
A few years ago, at the invitation of Alessandra Balzer of Balzer + Bray (Harper Collins Children's Books), I joined a table of remarkable young adult writers and advocates in a famed Philadelphia restaurant. Chris Crutcher sat to my left, Patricia McCormick to my right. I was, of course, lucky.
Result, Arthur was happy again, continued his favorite occupation and I was exhausted from lifting him up and down and moving him around.
My first appointment with the breast surgeon was very informative. I learned that there are many different types of breast cancer. Mine was a slow-growing. It involved the mammary glands. I learned your breast are made up of fatty tissue, muscle and that the mammary glands are nodes grouped together like a cluster of grapes. One of those nodes had developed into a tumor and was cancer. That if I was to have breast cancer the form I had was the kind to have and that it was a miracle I had discovered it in a self exam. Most of the time when a woman is diagnosed with this kind it is advanced because the majority of the time the mammogram will miss it until it is 2cm or more. It was decided that my surgery would continue and that we would address the cancer after I recuperated from this surgery. The tumor was benign in my abdomen. The biopsy of the tumor in my breast showed that my cancer was hormone aggressive so I chose to have a hysterectomy while they were removing the tumor. I spent ten days in the hospital.
And with the black heels, some of those shoes were so beat up, it was a wonder I still had them. I ended up throwing out at least 4 of those heels, donated 3 others and still had 3 that had enough diversity in them to suit me just fine. It was onto the second part of the project.
skinny black tie said balancing the plate on his shoulder.
And I find that comforting – because on a different, very much lower level, that’s what we try to do too. The key to celebrating the past is understanding it, and that’s certainly what I aspire to in my writing. Those French peasants who crafted the terracotta figurines and arranged them to tell a story were exploring history just as we do, and it’s a tradition to which I can feel proud to belong.
...until fragrant add water and...
So, 6 months down the line, I had a perfect plan and no progress. I theorised that this was because I was living in a bad economy. I said to myself that I needed more money. I found all sorts of reasons, but never realised that I never left the planning mode. Getting the plan off the paper it’s written on into the actions needed to make it a reality is one of the most difficult things to do, yet funny enough, the simplest! What you do is act. You get up in the morning and start doing the things that you said you would do. You hit a brick wall, turn, find a drill, blast through wall, whatever, as long as it is something. I can guarantee you at the end of the week, the month or the quarter, you will start to see progress.
Reflections of metallic structures on the River Lez, with white tents in the middle ground and the new "mairie" in the background.
Sometimes I think I’m lucky I make it out of there alive every week.
this guy is also sho shweet.
With the WiiU and 3DS Nintendo is trying to reestablish its core software buying user base. Nintendo wants to retain its casual hardware buying market demographic but regain its lost core demographic.
We walked in and a boy said, "Hi Savannah!" A BOY said hi to my little girl!
No Safe Place by Richard North Patterson - Audio Tapes
The Tongs also had another side to them. Some Tongs use their power to extort local merchants, both legitimate and illegal. Tongs also recruited gangsters to do their dirty work. “Some of the tongs actually have a separate branch of gangsters that work for them. Who would enforce the rules and regulations.” The FBI has kept a list of criminally influence tongs. One of the major tongs was named “The Hop Sing Tong.”
U Roy, Bob Dylan, Bob Marley, Duffy, Joan Armatrading, Cold Play, JayZ, Adele, Pretenders, UB40 and Manu Chao.
In a small bowl combine the dry filling ingredients, set aside. Melt butter and brush over the surface over the dough. Sprinkle with the dry filling ingredients. Begin rolling dough on long side, jellyroll fashion, pinching seams together to seal. Cut the roll into 12 equal pieces. Place cut side up, in a 9-10 inch large deep pan that has been greased. Slightly press down each roll.
College is a playground. It’s a place to make friends. It’s a place to use your imagination. Most importantly, it’s a place to make mistakes. Getting bumps and bruises on the playground is inevitable, but you quickly learn how to recover. Is it the same for college relationships? Heartache after heartache, you learn how to recover quickly. Brush it off and continue to play-get played. Mistakes are mutual. Maybe it’s a crush in class, a cute passerby on campus, a random hottie at a party, or even a high school sweetheart you brought to college. As simple as those categories seem, none of them are considered easy. Every situation is tempting but no situation is promising.
As for the fourth generation, he’s not yet two and will sadly grow up with no memory of Great Grandma. My son brought him to see Mum two days before she died. The baby put his hand out to Mum. Mum put her hand out to the baby and they stayed like that for several long minutes. He may never remember it but I will never forget.
Heather Draper – Well, my sister tells a story about me furnishing shoe boxes with pictures cut out of the sears cataloged in grade school, which I am pretty thankful I don’t remember! I think it was something I have naturally done since then...but I really started to recognize it as a love with the early days of HGTV...loved Debbie Travis’s painted house, Sarah’s room service etc... Little embarrassed to admit it really...
I also didn't get the killers ultimate motives. The final scene basically reveals his plan. He stalks out ATM's beforehand, he figures out the camera angles and how far out he needs to be to not be spotted by them. The movie ends with the bad friend (Josh Peck) and the lady friend (Alice Eve) dying and the good friend (Brian Geraghty) is left alive. The ATM camera footage only shows the good friend going crazy, killing that janitor (who was an idiot for not saying anything or noticing the bodies piling up outside or the HELP sign on the window), what looks like him killing Josh Peck, and just going insane. So I think, OK, so this masked maniac set this up to screw with these random strangers in the ATM, have them kill each other and let one of them take the fall and get arressted. It's genious because he's not on camera. Except...there are actions that occur outside the ATM while all 3 friends are inside that were caught on camera. Such as the 2 cars being rammed into the front of the ATM, and the water being poured into the ATM from the back. If it wasn't for the good friend smashing the ATM screen and damaging the camera, all that stuff would have been caught on said camera, and showing there was as third party on the outside.
My husband’s parents have been a huge help this time around. Without them I don’t know what we would have done. Three years ago I really started thinking I was going to die. If the disease didn’t kill me, the meds would. That same year, because of cancer I buried two people I loved dearly. It makes you face your mortality. I became sad and depressed, afraid I would be dead soon, too. I had things I wanted. Things I needed to know would be taken care of if I did die soon. My boys are still children. They still need taking care of. So I started planning and making people promise me certain things. I needed assurance that if I died within months everything would be okay. And in my defense, I am not the only one who thought I wouldn’t still be here today, we ALL thought it. We all thought I only had months left.
If you like wine even a little, go check them out. Their tasting room is open from 4pm-7pm on Friday evenings. Michael is passionate about his wine, he is a local producer, and he has great stories about all the work he has put into the vineyard (including the 60,000 prunings he recently made...by hand).
Redhook immediately closed the restaurant and cancelled all future tours while OSHA investigates.
YouTube creators from Australia, Canada, India, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States are eligible. If previous Next Creator participants are any indication, the Next Vloggers will be an incredibly talented and engaging group. We can’t wait to introduce them to you on April 30, but they need to apply first!
At the meeting attended by Malema in Bloemfontein on Thursday, provincial league chairperson Kgotso Morapela told the crowd: “Away with Magashule.”
SOPA is a bill in the US House. It stands for Stop Online Piracy Act. PIPA is a similar bill in the Senate, and is short of PROTECT IP Act, which in turn is short for Preventing Real Online Threats to Economic Creativity and Threat of Intellectual Property Act. I swear, there's a job in Washington for coming up with names like this to provide cover to bills like these.
How hard and long would you be willing to work if you thought it might help your family find salvation from eternal death in Hell?
Mordecai received Esther’s communication and here is what he said in response:
In this movie, MI-6 receives an offer of a “new” high-end Russian cypher machine, and although they are sure the offer is an entrapment, the prize is just to good to ignore. Little do they know that SPECTRE, the Special Executive for Counter-Intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge, and Extortion, is playing both the USSR and the USA to get the machine and kill Bond.
I found this recipe for banana peanut butter spread on a wonderful blog that I subscribe to called Chocolate Covered Katie . It is a simple recipe made from two healthy ingredients that tastes absolutely fabulous together.
Even the critters. Even the critters' eyeballs. Even the treats for the brown-eyed critters.
It had been unseasonably warm, hot even, all week, but today, it rained a little and the temperature plummeted, suddenly tank tops and mini skirts disappeared to be replaced by scarves and winter coats, and those tourists caught unawares were left freezing and sneezing. That would include yours most truly, as I coughed my way through the windy, wet day, and decided that for once I should forgo dancing and go to bed early (like before 5 AM!). I did make it back to Neo Tango in the afternoon, and paid in cash the two pairs of lovely shoes they saved for me, plus a pair of sexy "pantalones" with slits ($100 pesos).
on bright yellow paper.
Mondays through Thursdays, 3 -8 p.m.
“I am the Dark One, someone who strikes fear into the hearts of any who even hear of my name. Mal’haran is my name, n-not Algaisia!” he yelled, raising his voice. The enigmatic Voice knew his weakness, and he was showing it, willingly or not. Fury seethed within him, yet at the same time, there was a fear interlaced with it, which only made him angrier.
I asked the floor staff if I could take photos and they were very open about it. Phloey looks like a place for grown-ups, but they are welcoming to kids. We have only been there with kids. The dishes are reasonably priced. The service is fast and friendly. It would be a good place for a romantic date as well. If you are looking for a Thai restaurant in Jakarta, no need to look further (unless you live really far from Senayan area).
On the whole, however, I remain optimistic about Kenya’s prospect of completing the transition with my main concern the kind of ‘nation’ we will create along the way. The challenges posed by the ongoing transition are also tremendous opportunities for civil society to act and shape a new conversation about Kenya, one that challenges the ethnic entrepreneurship of the political elites.
great for students who are struggling with reading and need someone to
1. Second hand Hawaiian shirt, suede skirt and new straw market bag I finally found this week after a year of looking, all worn for tonight's 'farewell curry' with friends at Islamabad Grill before we all return home for the summer.
But I was determined to use my new toy, so I melted the butter in a small saucepan and then transferred everything to the bowl of my Kenwood Chef to do the rest of the mixing.
Looking at the new things I ordered and re-familiarizing myself with the history of Yves Rocher makes me remember why I’d loved it so long ago. This may just be the push I needed to rediscover my love of Yves Rocher. In fact, I think I’ll stop by next time I pass it at the mall.
I heart all of this!
Every so often, pull the colander out of the bowl, and pour off the whey. The yogurt will become thicker and thicker as the whey is drained out. I usually let it drain for at least four hours, sometimes longer.
Kingdom - VNV Nation
7. Roll dough to 10×12 rectangle.
BRAZZAVILLE/KINSHASA: Around 200 people were killed on Sunday when an arms dump exploded in Brazzaville, capital of the Congo Republic, a senior official in the presidency said, citing hospital sources.
So I tuck it all away, like everything’s okay
Just thought I'd throw that holiday cheer out there.
The best bet may be somewhere in Sierra Leone, reputedly with the largest pygmy hippo population in the wild, such as Tiwai Island Wildlife Sanctuary.
And now I own a piece of that history.
Somewhere between 24 and 48 hours after getting Spooky, he started to exhibit a number of disturbing behavior traits including, but not limited to: a) climbing up door jambs like a lumberjack by bracing his back paws on the lintel and scooting up and down, b) hiding at the top of the door jamb until I walked by, then followed by c) dropping on my head. He varied this with following me around with his legs locked stiffly while letting out a high-pitched squeal just before lunging and biting my Achilles tendon hard enough to draw blood. The real question isn’t why he did these things but why I didn’t take him back to the crack house and return him to his real family.
Put all in CROCK POT on high for 5-6 hours.
Also make sure that the realtor you are dealing with is of good reputation and has the necessary experience. Some realtors only pretend to know what they are doing in order to make a quick buck. Go for realtors that have a few years experience and reputation to back them up.
The need for patterns results from using computer languages or techniques with insufficient abstraction ability. Under ideal factoring, a concept should not be copied, but merely referenced. But if something is referenced instead of copied, then there is no “pattern” to label and catalogue. Paul Graham writes in the essay Revenge of the Nerds.
In mixing bowl combine flour, salt, egg and milk. Mix until you produce a slightly sticky ball of dough. Flour the counter and roll out dough to 1/8 inch thickness. You want them very thin because they thicken when cooked. Cut noodles (I use a pizza cutter) to desired size and place on wax paper. Let the noodles dry out on the counter for at least 1 hour before adding them to the soup.
Douglas Burns – Lead Vocals, Guitar, Piano
I am almost through with the editing and now that the contents are in place with just proofing and correspondence still going on I feel cheered and pleased. I think it's a good issue and does some of the things I hoped it would do. I take a lot of paperwork with me. Envelopes, letters, proofs. Sometimes it won't fit into a bag and I have to take a trolley.
20th December - Monday
God didn’t do this. That was Satan attacking,” Savannah Miller, 14, of New Life told The Los Angeles Times. Rather than questioning God, New Life members are turning to God during this tragic time. Moreover, they’re celebrating the miracle of that fateful day.
Besides, as any good satirist knows, mocking something is easy. Building an alternative is much tougher.
Khan enjoys a reputation for probity, having set up a cancer hospital in honour of his mother, who died of the disease. He also has a flash of glamour. A famous Pakistani pop band, Strings, opened last week's rally; supporters include his former wife, Jemima Khan, who attended a recent press conference in Islamabad to protest at CIA-led drone strikes in the tribal belt.
The movement of the EDL into politics and away from protest, is either an act of utter stupidity or evidence of the infiltration of the EDL by undercover police who are working to get the organisation banned / proscribed.
Cardigan - Gap
No action.
Make sure you stop by my blog, Love Life's Little Pleasures and let me know you entered my challenge. I have a RAK for one lucky person who completes my challenge and leaves me a comment.
Then we went back to Amboise, found the only boulangerie in the region that is open past 5pm and had a feast of bread, cheese, macarons and salami for dinner. Still full.
Psalm 42 was written by someone who was struggling with a very deep need. The writer begins by saying he is thirsty for God. It’s interesting he uses thirst as a comparison of his need for God.
At this point, slide the workpiece forward and plane with the grain until you reach your pencil marks.
The big idea, however, was not so much the above, but rather how the whole thing, existing services plus various other new elements, could be presented to end-users. The big idea was to automatically produce personalised websites for users of Intute (which could have been known as the POG (Personalised Online Gateways)). These would have personalised URLs, preloaded subject content and emphasis depending on the user’s subject background, a facility for each user to write a blog within his/her MOG (My Online Gateway), a facility to enable discussions with other users in similar subject areas, a facility to bookmark items/websites/papers within the MOG, and more. Some people are still suggesting similar ideas.
Get the most out of MIPTV with our iPhone & Android app, powered by Mobile Roadie.
At the Last Supper (John 4:8f), he said to Jesus, “Lord, show us the Father, and we shall be satisfied.” To this Jesus answered, “He who has seen me has seen the Father.”
Here in New Jersey, watercooler talk is all about the “New Jersey Tanning Mom,” who is accused of taking her five-year-old daughter into the tanning booth. After her arrest (and memorable mug shot) Patricia Krentsil insisted she was innocent; her daughter had gotten sunburned from playing outside, not from the tanning salon.
I feel like I've spent half my time in the car this week, shuttling K-boy and M-girl back and forth to drama. Their performance venue is over a half hour drive from our home, so the car hours have added up quickly.
We are so going to get fat this winter.
of rich new grass the horses nose
This baby grows into Om Kapoor; a spoilt self-indulgent actor resting on his father’s laurels and a trial to all who know him. Adored by his fans, he feels that he can do no wrong until he remembers his past life, grows up a little and resolves to bring about justice for his lost love, Shantipriya.
The Eater websites, including Eater LA, Eater NY, Eater SF, etc., have long been the bottom feeders of the food blogging world. They traffic in gossip, rumor-mongering and celebrity watching like a food-world National Enquirer. They've even used one of my own photos without credit (which raises questions about both their ethics and taste - since my photos largely suck). And they do all of this without any apparent interest in actual cuisine.
Go to your dashboard (I know sad me still has the old one, but shhh don't tell, I don't like the new one)
Well, they took 12 months instead of 12 weeks to finish The Artist’s Way by Julia Cameron, and that’s how long they took to finish Walking in This World, too. For the past year, the 4 Chicks have walked and talked their way through this second book together. To celebrate this completion, and in the spirit of Cameron’s many excellent creative exercises in her books, I inspired the 4 Chicks to hold a “Letting Go” fire ceremony, burning their fears, frustrations and other negative feelings that might otherwise block their future creative paths, as well as a whimsical “Dream Planting” activity, articulating their top three creative dreams for the future and giving them fertile ground in which to grow.
Wherever I can.
It wasn't long ago that the only person most of us knew with autism was Dustin Hoffman's character in Rainman. Now, almost everyone has a friend or family member with a child with an Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). The current statistics say that approximately 1 in 110 children in the U.S. are affected by some type of ASD. This can range from Pervasive Developmental Disorder (PDD) to severe autism. This number is up 13% from the mid-90's. We're not sure what has caused the increase. From my reading, it seems to be a combination of things.
Cindy is a friend and a neighbor and our kids play together so this is such a wonderful accomplishment for those of us who are lucky enough to know her. So go buy the book, spread the word, like the Facebook page, and...
Saturday: sick
The body will passionately smolder until
Jawbreakers aren’t gags!
I’ve gotta clean it all up (clay bar, and a fairly harsh cleaner with no wax or shine additives). After that, I need to layer up the paint down the length of the scratch, so it’s above the existing paint. Probably three layers, each cured before putting the next one down. After that, I have to do something that scares the jebebus out of me. I have to sand my paint. Keeping it sprayed with water for lubrication, and to keep the sandpaper from clogging up.
You mention the question:
Porky pig's liquidised smoking bacon rind.
Susan Carlton author of LOVE AND HAIGHT stopped by to play a game of This or That. Find out more about Susan, her book, and her characters at the blog tour hosted by The {Teen} Book Scene.
It is this lack of holistic thinking that makes people jump around and try other faiths. I know because I did it as well. Fortunately, my padrino (godfather) and I met and helped me to see life from a different perspective. Of course, it didn’t come quickly. I had to go through a bit of ordeal as you all know, but this ordeal was my trial by fire or leading to my burning bush initiation. It was because of my initiation I began to see the Kamitic tradition differently. Like many, I had read and read the Kamitic legends numerous times and just chalked them up as fanciful stories, which is evidence of my Western education (indoctrination), non-holistic thinking and lack of maturity. When I was undergoing my informal initiation that’s when the truth of the Story of Ra and Oset appeared to me.
Birmingham, Tuesday. Dear G, Are you any better? If not, why not! Much love, Raymond. The postscript says: I have made a friend of a pussy here, who has been wanting to walk on the table while I am writing"
Be sure to visit each design team member's blog, as they will have links to all these fabulous Alpha Stamps supplies. Remember you too can stock up on these items while the Alice section of Alpha Stamps is on sale!
we came across Pensacola Light,
For a 9 hole course, this is pretty challenging. Here's a few shots.
Generic Needs Assessment and Training Needs Analysis
In a passing
If you don’t like alcohol, at least be honest about the reason why
The meaning of the term Metrosexual is very simple and clear; It comes from Metropolis and Heterosexual, thus metro-sexual, and it means a metropolitan man whose attributes are similar to those of a homosexual man. For example; they like to shop for the latest trend in fashion; they like to get manicure and pedicure; they like to shave not only facial hair but any other hairy spot in their bodies… etc. This being said, Leonardo Dicaprio does not necessarily fall under the metrosexual category, nor does Pitt or Cruise, despite what others may think. I think that, when it comes to a celebrity it would be somewhat confusing, since they have the need to look good (even when they don’t at times) and this relates to their profession and social status (somewhat), not their life style. They can be a total different person, and dress very different off cameras.
Because everything dies, baby.
Moms are more likely to log into their kids’ Facebook accounts than dads, 49% to 39%. And 72% of parents say their kids have accepted their friend requests. (The Tyee)
I was heading down Regent street with a blue ford windstar ahead of me. The lady driving the windstar was poking along at a breakneck speed of 25 km. per hr. When the street turned to 2 lanes, I pulled out and passed her.
When there's conflict in my marriage, when my kids disappoint me or I blow it as a mom, I have friends I can turn to. I know that they'll listen, I know they'll understand, and they'll support me -- or if necessary, tell me that I need to modify my thinking.
* Yellow Ink: Michaels $1.50 bin (to colour the shape of the outside sentiment)
What kind of music did you listen too? Do you have a song that just sends you straight back?
"Follow that dream wherever that dream may lead"
I am on my way to my friend Md Asif’s house for dinner with my son, Aniruddh, and my wife, Meera, when my mobile phone rings. It is from my school friend Pramod as it shows on the mobile. (I had met him in Hyderabad on the 21st of December 2009 and we had a great time together after nearly 27 years! He met Meera and my son Aniruddh for the first time back then.)
You will still be able to find old posts at ohiomedia.blogspot.com, but no new content.
Sarah Palin’s coming to town
To enter I just let me know either by commenting here on the blog, or on my Facebook page, what you think the next theme in my kids party range should be. Two winners will each receive a $20 voucher for any of my products.
I have also been keeping up with my Bee blocks..
The Silent Auction begins at 10 a.m. and all proceeds from Celebration of Hope go directly toward The Salvation Army’s Christmas programs and other Salvation Army programs throughout the year. Sponsors are also being accepted.
So, finding out that there was such a thing as this "unschooling" was like finding the Mother lode for us! And, the more I investigated it and the more I learned about it, the more right it felt. Jimmy, a recovering Catholic school student, was totally down with the idea, too. So, now we had *this* piece of the puzzle and we were just waiting for all the other pieces to fill in around it so we could put it in place.
Steve Forbert
Now where do I bury the dreams built on castles in the air?
A: I've tried a number of ways. I have used a graphic tablet, and various high-tech bits and bobs but I find it’s quicker and more
Dear Heavenly Father, I thank You for Your Word and its ability to produce for me what it talks about. Today, I speak forth Your Word with faith in my spirit. As I speak and believe that those things I say will come to pass, I will have whatsoever I say, in Jesus Christ Mighty Name I pray! Amen!
Have a great day!!!!
That won’t have the same effect when they are being dealt with by a ‘fluorescent’ orange jacketed security officer who has stopped them for a particular sector of crime and they won’t be able to say that because of course they will only be employed to deal with that type of offence, oh, sorry, it’s already happening, we have already started to employ security in to our custody areas, and ‘traffic officers’ on motorways, as well as security officers who can deal with shoplifting. So when they say you should be catching _________________(fill in the blank), they will be able to say ‘actually, no I’m not authorised’.
Two loves. Olive Green. Border.
I look at guys and they don’t look like they want to play. I told them at halftime, If you don’t want to play, just stay in the locker room, because it don’t make sense for a team who we should beat to just demolish us. – Dwight Howard
Okay no more sad, emo thoughts.. it just means I have to start working super hard to transfer school soon..
I hope everyone has a Happy Mother's Day.
I’m sorry I let you down. I’m sorry I caused you damage.I took you for granted, picked you up, and then threw you to the floor. I know you’re heartbroken, bruised and emotionally drained. If you’d let me, I’d ease your pain. If you’d let me, I’d make you smile once more. You’re shutting me out and it’s killing me. Please do find it in your heart to forgive me; I know you would.
COST: $125/person
Sodastream flavour mixers (syrups) are really gross, but I love the glass bottle machine they sell. I imagine myself carbonating a big green juice! (my mom wouldn’t buy one)
Chaucer certainly bloody well did.
-Green tea smoked duck breast with Brasserie Dupont Foret
A recent article, “Best Vegetables to Grow in the Shade,” by Colleen Vanderlinden, which was published in 2012 in Mother Earth News’ Guide to Organic Gardening, takes a look at the shade side of the equation. Vanderlinden makes a distinction between dappled shade and partial shade. Dappled shade, which is the result of a high canopy that isn’t too dense, can still produce fairly bright conditions for the garden. As a result, the garden that experiences periods of dappled shade benefits from more sunlight than you might think, even though it may come in a less direct form.
regenerate
#419 Classic Delight Hot Cocoa Mix ~ Warm up your insides with our easy to make Gourmet Classic Delight Hot Cocoa.
We're expecting a baby.
Tuesday it was time to go back to work... For obvious reasons I was a bit nervous. Even though I am staying with the same Accounting firm, I was basically starting new, being at a new office with new people. I found an apt literally across the street from my office. I drove the first 2 days, but more than likely I will walk to and from work everyday, unless of course its raining or something like that. Everyone at the office were very nice and welcoming. I think they had been waiting on my arrival because they loaded me up with work right away. Which I have no problem with, since I hadn't been doing much up in Fort Worth the last few weeks.
But my wife sends me pictures, he's sure got her smile.
Why did I stay so long?
I like a mix. I've stopped trying to name it. I'm just going with it. The country phase I've referenced was more old-school. Like lots of barn red. American flags on all kinds of stuff. A little primitive. Homespun fabric. Cinnamon candles. Bows? I'd say that part of country is no longer an influence in my personal aesthetic.
A few years ago, Ginger introduced me to the book "Way of the Peaceful Warrior" by Dan Millman. I was resistant at first; it looked a bit too much like a self-help book for my tastes. But eventually I relented, and as the words lead to images, and the images lead to feelings, and the feelings lead to thoughts and questions, I began to feel myself grow in a variety of subtle ways. One of the things I came to appreciate after reading "Peaceful Warrior" was the sheer amount of amazing things I encountered every day, but was simply missing - things like the sound of the breeze as it creaks through an old tree, or the way one room in your house smells differently than another, or the way that people's eyes sometimes don't match the words they are saying. I was missing some of the rich details of life, the sights, sounds and feelings of the world that we are sometimes too busy to pay attention to. And so I began to be more conscious of these details, and to allow them to invade my senses and affect me, teach me, comfort me, and challenge me.
For now we travel and then we race. This is why I love being an athlete. Plan, prepare, compete and review. Next stop Sydney then Christmas and from there time will feel like it is speeding up.
Situated on the waterfront, the main residence is set in park-like established gardens including magnificent 100-year old Port Jackson and Moreton Bay figs, Orange Guava, Cherry Guava, Pineapple Guava, Trees.
All was lost
FILM PRODUCER AND DIRECTOR
Oh, and this is my first experiment with orange lipstick; I bought some on my way home from work today. It's very different but I like it. What do you think?
Becoming more generous is not an income issue, it is an attitude of the heart. ~Steve Gutzler
This weekend, I embraced my Wisconsin roots, my extended
1177 **D-XII/31/1993. Introduction prepared for Milton S. Mayer, Robert Maynard Hutchins: A Memoir (Berkeley: University of California Press, 1993). (The Mayer manuscript was abridged for publication by John H. Hicks. See Item C-1968(1), above, Item D-V/30/1968, below.) This introduction was originally commissioned by the University of California Press, which found, after accepting it for publication, that it could not use it. Interesting questions are raised about the good faith of certain editors and publishers in the United States. See, also, Item C-1990(5), above, pp. 2033-40, Item D-VI/16/1991, below. See, as well, Item D-Fall/1951, above, Item D-XII/31/1994, below. Compare Item B-5, above, p. xx. Compare, also, Item E-II/4/1999, below. (Incorporated in Items C-1998(17) and C-2001(4), pp. 212-15, above.)
I'm a wee bit late today updating the dishcloth, several reasons being 1 I seemed to have a lot of chores to do this morning and 2 I only finished off the last few rows of this cloth this week.
Using a fork, stir the pecans to coat them with melted spice mixture. Continue baking until the nuts are golden and the coating bubbles, about 10 minutes. Transfer the pecans to the foil. Working quickly, separate the nuts with the fork. Cool. Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
it is a fine time of year for Whitewashing
Tonight my husband’s returning to the LA Sports Arena, home to so many amazing memories, and he’s bringing our 8 year old red-headed son to see his first Bruce Springsteen show. I am not sure who is more excited–the boy or his dad.
I'm in a bit of a quandary though. I've been searching Flickr for images of the North East and I'm now tempted to do something I would've thought was unthinkable from the moment I acquired my first digital camera: dig out my trusty Pentax K1000 with SMC 35-75 zoom lens and put some good, old-fashioned film in it. Inspiration requires control over aperture and shutter speed and that's just what my Pentax offers. Can't wait to get the film back from Jessops or wherever I take it, although there will be a CD of the images as well. I think I'm going back indeed.
The viewfinder is the device that allows to view the scene framed.
uplifted
When the ocean water temperature is high in west Indian Ocean relative to the east, it is said to be a positive IOD phase, and vice versa.A positive IOD is seen as boosting the prospects of a concurrent Indian monsoon and hence the RIGC outlook for good rains, despite the ‘weak’ IOD credentials.
Treason.
Over all I enjoyed reading this book and would recommend it to anyone who love a twist in Mythology!!
And on a related note, good vermouth tastes good. Alone, without the rest of a cocktail, as it’s consumed in Europe. Dolin’s Blanc, which makes excellent martinis, is on the Lillet end of sweetness and tastes fantastic chilled. Carpano Antica, a favorite vermouth for Manhattans, has a delicious bittersweet vanilla flavor on its own.
Howdy howdy everyone! it was another busy week Casa Diva.
It is hot down here and expecting to get only hotter. I think 95 degrees for June 1st is too hot.
the Lord sets the Table,
"No. I'm not going to open it." I squeaked out.
Don’t get me wrong, I like exercising. I love pilates and yoga. I enjoy walking but I dislike running, it tires me out. I don’t like exercising too hard because I feel like my heart is about to pop out everytime I did that. I like dancing though. Would like to take a dance class in near future. Anyway, back to the topic, I like exercising to keep myself healthy but if I want to lose weight, it is definitely not enough. I have to incorporate a perfect balance of cardio and resistance training to lose weight the healthy way with the help of a healthy well-being diet of course.
However, her plan to engage the seniors of Pawnee takes a big blow when Newport amps up his campaign team with a brand name manager. Can Leslie still take the senior vote or is this another setback?
A ‘trial-within-a-trial’ was also held by Judge S.P.B. Hancke, assisted by two assessors, to determine the admissability of a conflicting signed and sworn confession by the one of the two accused black men who are on trial for murdering the women; their gardener, Joseph Hlongwane (22) and Joseph Khumalo (21). Judge Hancke examined all the statements submitted to the court by Hlongwane, including his claims that he had been ‘threatened, forced and dictated’ by the police to submit this confession.
Goodluck Jonathan
as a field daisy, and as singular,
A program similar to Startup Weekend, 3 Day Startup Madison, will be held this coming weekend, May 4-6, and is aimed at commercializing technology by UW-Madison students.
Boy: – Hey Mahek, Am doing fine. How about you? Long time.
Junsu cried louder. ‘Please… Chunnie, I need you…’ He walk toward the traffic lamp.
Celebrate March Madness with friends and Meow Madness by growing your family. Well, a small addition. Become a forever home to an adult cat and get half off adoption fees! Pay $22.50 for cats ages one to seven years old. Pay $12.50 for cats eight years old and older. And if your heart is extra big, get two for the price of one.
Pratchett’s con artist works through charisma, and successfully charms the readers as well as those in Ankh-Morpork. The numerous turns and story lines unravel at a quick pace that carries the reader along pleasantly, without being abrupt or confusing. Add to that Pratchett’s great talent of creating stories that are really relevant, but only just relevant enough, and Going Postal packs entertainment with a punch.
Our lives are not complete without her. She was suppose to complete our family. We were waiting for her. I miss her, I miss the idea of her, I am sad and wish this didn't turn out the way that it did.
In between the work, we did have some time for fun – pool time, visiting the Happiest Place on Earth, and eating entirely too much. I completely disregarded my rules for travel that I laid out in March and came home feeling like a sunburned baby hippo. Luckily, my friend Kacey was able to come meet me for a (slow, painful) run on Sunday to get me out of my post-travel slump, and she mentioned that she and one of her friends are considering going on a trip together to New Orleans. Around the same time, friend Lizzie blogged about her recent trip to the Big Easy and all of a sudden I can’t think about anything else.
And now I have this ring
Cost Benefit Analysis
A local singer, Joi Tsai, made an interesting comment. She said that although the idea of your other half having a close friend of the opposite sex may be unsettling to some, some people do have big hearts. What she meant was, there are people who can love many at the same time.
A guy wouldn’t go shop for stupid shit with you unless he really wanted to spend time with you would he? I don’t get it, but I’m giving it time because realistically that’s all I can do.
Please give me tips of how to make my roses stay alive!!! I don't want to be labeled as a "killer."
I am of the opinion that a balanced approach to decision making is important. Too much or too less of anything can hurt. After all, a business is not just about money. It’s about the knowledge capital invested, the people and their skills that come into play to serve the customers that pay and expect the best possible service for their dollar. Each of these is vital and more important than that, the harmoniousness of their coming together to form the corporation and all that results from it is unique and truly admirable.
I’m being dragged now; he’s pulling me by my hair back into the hallway. I let out a straggled moan as I reach up to grab his hands in order to ease some of the tension on my hair. I struggle a bit trying to make it harder on him, but it only makes everything hurt more so I let my body go limp, it’ll be easier this way, less pain. I look up through my swollen eye lids to look at Jack, his brown hair in disarray, hands pulling roughly at my hair as he drags me. He turns to look down at me, his eyes are empty, and he isn’t there.
I have no problem that allows for customers to review a business and for the owner to easily respond. Tripadvisor allows customers to be as vague or specific as they like. It doesn't check the validity of the review. And it allows the customer to remain anonymous. I'll copy and paste our last two reviews from the site to show you what I mean:
For as the digital age has fragmented everything it has touched, unleashing potentials for radical good and bad, so cinema must respond by finding new languages of fragmentation which speak to the needs of the times. Why must a plot follow a main character? Why not follow instead the permutations of a unifying phrase? We long to see dynamics and change, this is how a plot hooks us, we learn a situation, then we become curious to see how it will develop its potential for change. But we need not follow the old plots based on traditional characters overcoming traditional obstacles.
While we were out, we also bought a new lunchbox and some new clothes. Two pairs of trousers, two t-shirts and five pairs of socks. Paul was especially happy with the socks, even though they’re just plain, white tennis socks, but these are apparently extra extra comfy.
Designers work on deadlines. We are deadline people, never say “oh, whenever you have time.” We need to know when to have each step completed, we need to know when we are meeting. Most designers work on multiple contracts at a time. Most designers will sit down with you and create a schedule.
Flash mobs bearing anti-Lynas placards and Bersih 3.0′s “Duduk Bantah” banners have been mushrooming in and around Miri, Sibu and Kuching in the run-up to tomorrow’s rally.
You could add ingredients to a food processor to amalgamate if you like to help kick start everything or go the old fashioned method of:
Dad, how’s that training going? Got flights booked yet? ;)
The most important part of writing is revising, and it’s easier to revise if you have lots of editors working on your story. Fortunately, I have three. The two of them are split personalities of Ja the editor—Ja the debater and Ja the artist.
It’s time for team challenges to begin. Remember in school when you got group assignments and it just turned into a lot of drama? Remember how almost everyone hated having to work as a team? Yeah, me too, and I don’t envy our cooks at all. Especially when one team has Mr. Condescending Max on it, and the other has Ms. Bossypants Suzy.
I wrote this re-cap/review after leaving Ralph’s party, so I can remember as much as possible. One thing I’ll always remember from tonight is when Grand Puba Maxwell asked me to ask this sexy model lady in purple to take a photo w/him. After I granted his request, I then realized that I kind of stole her away from Gravy (who played Biggie in the “Notorious” movie). Shouts to Gravy, who was coolin’ in the building also. No disrespect, but all due respect. AGAIN, THE PHOTOS ARE COMING SOON, FOOTAGE LATER THAN SOONER ;)
3. Who doesn't like stuffing their face once in a while? The absolute BEST place to do that in New Jersey is at Harrah's Resort Waterfront buffet in Atlantic City. That is where you will find The Absolute Greatest Brownies of All Time (among other delicious offerings.)
There are four ways people can participate and show support:
The earth can yield me but a common grave,
Hell – I need a vacation again … the nomad in me has been imprisoned for a long time.
What’s not to like? They are mini cakes!!
For the panels that go around the top half of the box, I used Speciality Stamping Paper again. I blended DI over it and stamped using the small butterfly and flower from the Flower Market set and distressed the edges with my scissors.
3 wall
every single vein in me from yours they have come
Now then let me get on to showin g off this darling outfit! It fits great, poses well and is just striking for Spring! Casual chic at its finest! Its ColdLogic!
People in the audience appreciated my answer and Scottoline threw a bag of Herr's potato chips at me and then moved on (The bag of chips, as I later learned, comes from a lesson Lisa' mom told her about always bringing food to a gathering. Lisa always brings PA based food to her signings to support PA). Her entire talk was funny and engaging. She even took the time to point out and recognize a fan that just earned their U.S. citizenship and another fan whose daughter was in the military. Scottoline also explained that her book has nothing to do with car seats but it does involve a what would you do type of dilema.
Manila – Baguio – Sagada
Can we blame Thomas Jefferson for Eight-Track tapes?
And it's important that you remember this. People don't owe you a thing. They don't have to put up with you while you put your shit together.
Perfect for boat food.
I’m a little less skeptical about things like channeling and the healing powers of crystals in this town than almost anywhere else. Or at least I want to be.
GM: Thanks from the bottom of my heart. I’m a new boy on the block. You’re all good-hearted.
slopes. Buzz over misuses of reflection
The adult's baby doll top was easily turned into a shirred dress to fit a child, by cutting off the top of the dress, adding extra shirring, altering the halter neck strap and reattaching as four ties.
2012 Inspiration Award Honorees
~ Go to bed by 11pm on weeknights (that is early for me - I have a bad habit of staying up too late).
The small butterfly is made with a nestabillity, the embossed portion is colored with stickels.
So hang on strong to
Tell me about your reading lives, what was important and why?
I bought this fabulous printed fabric from Walmart. I bought just 1/4 yard and cut it 6 inches wide. Since I have such a tall door I had to sew two strips together to make it longer. To hang it my my neighbor Katie taught me an awesome trick. You put one of those large removable wall hooks that you can buy just about anywhere and stick it on the top of the inside of your door. I now will never have to have one of the wreath hangers! LOVE this trick!
Agent Mary Kole has updated her wish list (see sidebar of her blog) and writes about the need for "more meaty" middle grade" and notes the continued demand for fantasy and action-adventure in her report on Bologna.
Garrett's preschool had there cute derby party this week and we got to make a hat. I acquired a broken horse pinata about 6 months ago and new that it would make a great derby hat. So I held onto it and it paid off because Garrett won Best Hat.
slows down ever so slightly
A vanilla bean (or a pinch of raw vanilla powder)
I remember being pretty outgoing and friendly as a little kid. It was fifth grade that changed all that. I can even pinpoint the exact moment that my social world came crashing down. A girl who had supposedly been my best friend for about a year, actually started a club called "The Vickie Destroyers," complete with a whole-page typed manifesto, detailing how she and a few other girls were going to destroy me. When I found out about it, she crossed out my name and wrote in a different girl's above where mine was still visible on the page.
Funk, Blues, and Ass Shaking Soul:
You ignored the box with all the little app icons sticking out of it. You never unpacked it. You, you, BLASPHEMOUS HEATHEN! You are to blame. What else have you done?
I have often blamed the moving around on bitchy bosses or colleagues but have failed to own up to the embarrassing drink-fuelled behaviour on my part which has – mostly - caused the bitching.
Mere age is no signifier of course: the homogeny of the 30s poets was more similar than their sex; it often followed that they had the same education; often the same sexuality; and certainly similar careers and backgrounds. Yet, at the same time I think that if we don't necessarily think of the poets of a particular decade being all born within a few months of each other, there is still something about the poetry of that decade being of and from that time. Though Seamus Heaney or Christopher Reid or John Ashbery still win prizes it would seem a little absurd to include any of them in any "post-2000" poetry anthology - has their best work happened since then? I somehow doubt it, yet they've clearly remained an impact. There's unlikely to be a "poetry of the 00s" now and one kind of thinks that if anything there is a certain uneasy modern poetry that was written before and after the millennium a little uncertain of where it actually stood. Oswald's an interesting example; easily one of the most successful poets of the last few years; yet "a nature poet" - one of the oldest and most popular strands of English writing.
After several attempts I think I am getting close. Here is my latest effort. It is based on a recipe from Peter Reinhart’s Whole Grain Breads book. The first time I made it, I stuck to the recipe just to get an idea of how it would turn out. It was good but not exactly what I was looking for. I found it had an almost sour flavour which in some breads is a good thing, just not what I am looking for in an everyday sandwich bread.
Honesty in advertising. Wouldn’t it be a consumers dream to approach products with caution and not skepticism?
Geekyboy has hit the touchy twos. Offered two choices, he wants neither of them. His usual response to any request is 'no'. This can be a challenging stage for an "anything for an easy life" parent like myself. Want to stay in your pajamas all day, paint with your hands, eat playdough, drink bath water or wear your sister's Sleeping Beauty pull ups instead of your own diapers? That is fine by me.
Now, I’m going to use myself for an example. Currently, I’m juggling three writing projects. Two novels and a short story, each one very different from the others. One novel is currently being told with something more akin to my talking voice, mostly because I’ve been in a hurry and had to crank out word count quick, so I’ve gotten lazy. I figure I can edit later. That story has a very particular sound and voice. The short story is set in 1918. It’s got almost a high fantasy, archaic storyteller voice, and tends to use a lot of older vocabulary and odd sentence structure. Lastly, I have an urban fantasy novel that has its own very different voice again. There’s almost no passive sentences in that one, almost no dialogue tags, and very little reflection. Okay, so there’s three different voices going all at once, and none of them would work right narrating the other stories. Sure, I’m writing all three, but for each one, I’m assuming a different mask, a different way of speaking, so that I create the right voice for the story.
Anyone who has not spent the last few months out of radio range either in a submarine beneath the ice caps, searching for signs of global warming, or making a wild life documentary about Amazonian termites, will have noticed that for the first time which anyone not currently drawing their pensions can remember, senior politicians have actually started to talk about immigration at a time when a general election may be less than six months away.
Behaviour of people is often instinctive and part of a habit. But when it is observed and written down, opportunities may be uncovered.
Morey AL, Keeling JW, Porter HJ, Fleming KA. Clinical and histopathological features of Parvovirus B19 infection in the human fetus. Br J Obstet Gynaecol 1992; 99: 566-574.
This time she chooses
Now....I must tell you
Death is the simplest and most obvious threat your protagonist can face, but you generally can’t kill them. In some fantasy it’s possible to get them back with magic, but first person point of view isn’t going to work so well if your main character is taking a dirt nap. (I’m very anxious to see where the Dresden Files takes this in the next volume).
Did one of you typospherians refer me to this video of The History of the Typewriter Recited by Michael Winslow? Because if you didn't, you should have. I had to rely on a local writer's-group pal, and that's a shame.
The great big trees didn't seem to care;
Ring: Disney Couture
This weekend featured Ise's annual St. Patrick's Day party, which happens every year in early March. It's part of a series of St. Patrick's Day events and parades around Japan. Ise's naturally, is pretty small, but it draws a decent crowd and this year that crowd included Ireland's ambassador to Japan, who made a speech and took part in the day's festivities.
Commentators have been quick to point out that Obama’s new motto seems to be borrowed from MSNBC’s ‘Lean Forward’ slogan.
I hope you enjoyed your visit to my world.
Recommendable: A-
Adpeople with hiring authority, however, probably don’t want to do that.
(Note: If anyone does happen to possess an incredible, simple recipe for meatballs that don’t turn into crumbles, I’d love to try it!)
Good Luck!
If you have any questions, please comment here and I will add responses to this post as they come up! Or come visit me at my blog here.
I am a very visual person. I actually like watching movies more than reading books. This is bad because I’m a writer. Visual references help me describe something. When I can’t describe something, I just write ‘it looked like this,’ then I draw a picture. Drawing before I write about something helps me. It is an aid to my imagination and at the same time drawing serves as a break from writing. I like using colored pentel pens, colored pencils, or colored pens (usually gel pens) for my drawings. I usually draw using a pen not a pencil. The drawing need not be perfect, so I do not need to erase it or perfect it. It is just crude, raw drawing.
coffee spilling into my throat;
'To Elisha Smith, one, in wool, 100 lbs.
I really appreciate that Rosa never talks down to his audience. In America, we don’t particularly go in for the Disney comics, although I think they’re published here, and comic books themselves have only recently been “legitimized” as an artistic medium. Specifically, Americans often dismiss Disney, especially the animal characters, as purely for children. While I can’t speak for all of Europe, I can speak for France–my people love comic books and treat them as a respected medium appropriate for all ages. Based on how Rosa speaks about the Italian Duck universe, I think it’s much the same all over. Rosa deals with death, the effects of greed, and alienation in a way that’s appropriate for all ages but not shallow. The humor, especially, doesn’t dissolve into easy comedy–there’s plenty of historical gags and sight gags that you have to be paying attention to catch and appreciate. (I personally loved the fact that Scottish heaven appears to be solely composed of heavenly golf courses.)
And it wasn’t just the acts that were odd last night…
Jesus healed the sick… Matthew 9:35… (KJV) “And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people.” Acts 10:38 (KJV) ”How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.” Hebrews 13:8 says, “Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and today, and forever.”
And do you know a miracle occurred! The wheelchair beat me to the elevator, funny how that worked. All in all, I doubt the hospital staff would tell you I was the best patient they ever had. But hey, I least I kept them entertained while I was there.
Tring is quite clearly a hive of richly creative industry.
This explains why the ANC have such idiots in their positions of power and influence, the likes of Zuma, Malema, Khomphela and Cele. They are, unfortunately, the best they have! Well, they are the best blacks they have. All the critical positions in government are held by Indians, coloureds or whites, something I am grateful for but which pisses Malema off big time .
I had projected LSU CB Morris Claiborne to go to the Buccaneers with the fifth pick. He is considered the best cover corner in the draft, and has excellent size and speed. Well, the Bucs traded back, and the Rams lost out on the WR they wanted, so they traded the pick to the Cowboys who drafted Claiborne at six.
Jolie wasn’t like the other students she went to school with. She was more practical and responsible. She was twenty years-old but she lived more like a thirty-five-year-old woman. She went to class on time and paid attention. She was an excellent student, but her grades in high school had only been good enough to earn her a partial scholarship. Her assignments were done on time and often days before they were actually due. The other students did not like her because she always set the curve in class for tests. Jolie did not let that bother her, because unlike most of them she was there to learn—not to make friends. Her goal was to become a high school biology teacher. Then she could teach at her old high school and move in with her grandmother. She would have enough money for the two of them to live off of and she could repay the old lady back for raising her when her parents died. Maman Nettie and Papa George didn’t bat an eyelash when she needed a place to live. They took her in without question or complaint. She hoped she was a strong enough person to do the same for her grandmother in her old age.
A bacteria to me looks like a blob that can move. That’s pretty cool when I think about it. A blob of mayonnaise can’t move (and I’m happy about that). But under the microscope, blobs move. Hopefully not the mayonnaise blob. But bacteria blobs move.
If you've grown up in a house with someone who's not "normal," you've probably longed for just that. For just a bit of boring. For just a bit of a 1980s TV sitcom life. For just something constant that isn't pain or abuse or loathing.
We understand that your time is valuable and you are asked to complete many surveys. As an incentive to complete this survey (and if you choose to leave your details at the end of the survey) there are some great prizes on offer including:
Yep, I was!
Another 15 people were reported killed in the northern border state of Chihuahua overnight, including a woman who was beheaded, amid rampant drug violence across Mexico which killed more than 12,000 people last year alone.
No one takes it from me, but I lay it down on my own. I have power to lay it down, and power to take it up again. This command I have received from my Father.”
The coming down
John 6:36-40 I told you before that you have seen me, and still you don’t believe. The Father gives me my people. Every one of them will come to me. I will always accept them. I came down from heaven to do what God wants, not what I want. I must not lose anyone God has given me. But I must raise them up on the last day. This is what the one who sent me wants me to do. Everyone who sees the Son and believes in him has eternal life. I will raise them up on the last day. This is what my Father wants.”
CD: Why are you interested in writing for young adults? What started off the interest?
One may argue that they never had powerful telescopes or precision instruments like we have, -- but yet we tend to forget that they did not need telescopes or fancy gadgets. They in fact invented their own fancy gadgets, -- gadgets so advanced that we cannot figure out how it was done. Not only did these ancient men live on average 5 times longer than us, their eyesight was probably 100 times better than ours. Besides that, the night sky was far more clearer back in those days.
The Treasury Holdings bid to seek a judicial review of NAMA’s dealings with its loans is set to be resumed in Dublin’s Commercial Courtthis morning at 11am before Ms Justice Finlay Geoghegan in Court 14. The case was originally supposed to have concluded last week, and you’ll recall that Treasury was seeking an injunction against the appointment of NAMA’s receivers, and furthermore, a judicial review is being sought of NAMA’s dealings with Treasury’s loans. Treasury abandoned the first of these two strands at the end of last week, so the Court will continue to hear why it should or should grant leave to Treasury to pursue a judicial review.
Then I read that you can use it to make dishwasher detergent. 1/2 TBSP of Borax + 1/2 TBSP of washing soda in the soap cup + a splash of white vinegar in the rinse cup = the sparkly-cleanest dishes you’ve ever seen for a fraction of the cost of commercial products and with no harmful effects on the environment or bad chemical smells in your house (ever get lightheaded walking down the detergent aisle? Ever think about why?).
It’s also my first entry in Lacealong2012. I must take a look at who has cast-on and off a lace project in lace-weight so far this year.
1 can (10 3/4 ounces) Campbell's® Condensed Cheddar Cheese Soup (I used cream of mushroom, again because that is what I had on hand, I mixed it right in with my meat mixture, made it extra creamy!)
My lips move back to your throat, and my hand reaches around to squeeze a breast and tweak your hard nipple. You moan with pleasure, and I stay right there, kissing and stroking you. I can feel you relax, and I very slowly push a fraction of an inch of my shaft into you. You grunt and then moan, so I pause, and then push slowly for another split second.
There are two fields behind the house. The top field now has more grass in it, so my friend has left the gate open into this field so they can gain access to it. My friend owns two horses and a pony. Milligan, the pony, is 24 and now retired and Licorice is 21, and used only to do a bit of light hacking.
I rewrote the lyrics to "Fuck Tha Police" by Dope, something that I have wanted to do since I first heard the song. I don't like rap, and especially not gangsta rap, but the melody and beat of this song seems really appropriate for the new lyrics. It is written from the persepective of a hard core soldier in Iraq or Afghanistan.I hope you like it, and any of our soldiers reading this blog like it too.
How did you get involved with friendz.net?
Here's a sneak peek of their photoshoot. Best wishes to you Jeff and Angela!! :) :)
Their entire family rode a camel the two hours (when traveling by camel)
Story to be continued in Part 2.
The 1961 library is shown in the postcard below. This library is described on the back of the postcard as follows:
Crossing the river by the roadbridge, I continue into Brockenhurst. Well, at the second attempt: having waded across the ankle-deep shallows, I find the grassy area beyond is fenced off, resulting in a retreat back across the river. Once in the village, a quick pint in the Virginia creeper-clad Rose and Crown follows, then onwards, over the railway to turn left down Church Lane. My intention from here is to follow, as closely as possible, the course of the Lymington River, although, now outside the boundary of the New Forest’s open access land, the dearth of rights of way along the river bank will make this something of a challenge.
I filled out an audition sheet. Sat by my friend. My stomach continued to churn - and then a girl sat by me, who I'd had Brain and Behavior with last semester. She also looked nervous. I asked her if she'd done this before. Nope. So we decided to do a monologue together - in a desperate effort to ease our nerves.
Its a work in progress.....still need to add some french knots, beads and hand-stitching.
That said, we had a great time, so who cares?
Clootie Dumpling is a traditional Scottish dessert made with flour, breadcrumbs, dried fruit, suet, sugar and spices, the beer has been produced to match these flavours. Bearing these flavours in mind, when I opened the beer I was expected a rich, thick dark stout or porter. Instead the ale is toffee in colour and light in texture. I also expected a thick, heavy head but was instead met with a frothy light foam that quickly disintegrated.
For us, trying to find Collin interesting presents is quite a challenge & results in moderate panic starting in July....
A charming little video of home-truths.... 'til next time x
fun: first to start off the day twirling with a tyke. spinning moving jiving smiling, getting dizzy, 1 2 3 4 times around, switch directions, spinning around, singing to the music, laughter.
Then, when you finished your business, you would take the sponge-stick, rinse it in the channel of running water at your feet, and without getting up or revealing anything, you would PUSH THE STICK THROUGH THE HOLE AT THE FRONT AND WIPE YOUR BOTTOM. That's what those holes at the front are for. And that's why the handle of the sponge-stick is so long. After a good wipe, you would rinse it again, stand up and leave it in the basin for THE NEXT PERSON TO USE. (Kids, don't try this at home.)
I've been wanting to use this gorgeous Ching Chou Kuik design for a while and I wanted to make a richly-coloured, detailed, Eastern-influenced card. My starting point for this card, other than the image, was digging out my scrummy Taj Mahal paper stack and choosing the gorgeous, glittered, patterned background paper. I coloured the image to coordinate with the paper, using my Promarkers, metallic Promarkers and also some Cosmic Shimmer Acrylic Drawing Inks for added shimmer.
_____If I don't get a like within 10 minutes I check outside to see if the zombies have arrived (funny zombie quote)
Wendy xxx
Again, in no particular order:
Take a moment to look back over the statements that summarize how Paul was praying for his friends, the Colossians. Think of a few of your friends. Take time right now to pray for them, following Paul’s example. Then, send your friends a message via email, text or social networking, telling them that you just prayed for them. God will use you to make their day!
If there were only one of them I could try the moves we learned in self-defense class at UMASS. Maybe Matt is watching me from the beyond like he does and will send help. Grammie and Grampie are always watching me. I definitely have guardian angels, they saved me when I skied off that cliff; they turned me around in mid-air so I didn’t hit the trees head-first. I almost bit it then. Yes, they will help me. NO, I have to help myself. Maybe someone will show up any minute and they will save me. Maybe these guys will leave me alone. NO, that is stupid thinking, they have a plan, that much is glaringly obvious. Maybe they will just gang rape me and leave me? But if Jamoka attacks them will they kill him? No, cannot let anything happen to Jamoka.
Tonight, look in on your sleeping children. Marvel at their wonder. Bask in the joy and pride you feel in them. Melt in the warmth of your mutual, unconditional love. Then I want you to thank whatever God you pray to that they will never bare witness to the hell and insanity those children in the documentary have.
If you've never been to a Bryan Adams concert then don't go expecting elephants, giant robots, fancy lighting, support acts and costume changes. What you get is Bryan in his black tee shirt and jeans, some guitars and a few other assorted musicians also in black shirts and jeans and that's all he needs. He sang and played for two and a half hours without a break and every song was a hit.
BC: I am continuing to perform with my bands, Bill Carney' s Jug Addicts and Les Sans Culottes
Marston’s Oyster Stout – UK – 4.5% ABV
Royal blue Paradisa maxi dress, Reiss €245
making window cards and new the doily would fit in this shape perfectly.
'Shadowboxes' by Vanessa Blakeslee
from my pot on the table on our porch.
The next concern is one of two choices. The person will then ask if I am taking calcium, or they will be concerned with making sure I can still have treats like ice cream.
I want you to make a birthday card based on your date of birth.
DW: What percentage of the Pentagon is on the side of this alliance?
I've often said, in reference to various liquor laws (but most often Pennsylvania's), all I want is to be treated like an adult. Don't tell me I can't have a beer because it's got a picture of Santa on the label, don't tell me I can't buy booze on a Sunday, don't tell me I can only buy two sixpacks at a time in a bar and no sixpacks in a beer store, and don't tell me that the State has to control the sale of booze because otherwise I'd go crazy with it.
Polenta: 125 grams, 0.9 l water (depends on what kind of polenta you use. We recommend using a bit more water than indicated)
Dolphins, rabbits (patently the normal, non-sinister variety), little birds:- not really very ferocious, and def. more for girls.
Adam seemed uncharacteristically out of touch with his contestants this week. During Mathai’s performance, Adam was surprised to see an aerial acrobat swooping in half way through. He actually criticized that choice, insisting that he did not sign off on it. When Christina confronted Adam about his lack of involvement with the final performance, Adam had no defense. I also felt that Adam dropped the ball with his contestant, Pip, the bow tied boy wonder. Pip sang ‘Somewhere Only We Know‘ (originated by Keane), and was pushed to let go of his musical-theater background by Adam telling him to be unafraid of perfecting the notes and pitch. The result? A mess of high notes at the end, and a one way ticket home. While I don’t disagree with the decision, I think that Pip deserved more than he got from Adam. His blind audition was phenomenal, and he deserved a chance to sing another song like that one–not to rock, but not pop–a song where his true vocal ability could be showcased (musical-theater or no).
I'm finally out of that honeymoon suite, but I think I'm going to start Ender's Game next.
I'll first fly to Seattle.
And pay attention dammit! The line is moving and you’re sitting in la la land while the rest of us actually have things do to do, places to go and people to see. Gas is over $4 a gallon in some places and the country has been experiences higher than normal temperatures. No one has time to waste gas and good air conditioner air while you are holding up the line when you could be at the machine.
The class was much more advanced than it advertised and I could hardly understand what the instructor was saying as she called out the various routines and moves. There was no teaching involved in the "class", only doing, and all of the other "students" had obvious years of training. Though somewhat confused through the bar sections, I was horrified when the instructor stated that we would be doing jumps and spins across the room floor in sets of three -- can someone say "Hell No!"?!?!?
The show had a lot of promise and look good on the screen but it was just boring at times. They producers have said they are trying to sell it to other networks but that is a long shot at best.
Sitting on blankets and pillows spread across the living room floor.
Let’s now re-ask the earlier question: Should American taxpayer finance the corrupt big-government policies of Greece?
Greg tried to smile, but his face refused to cooperate.
It pours a murky brow colour with a frothy cream head.
Sweeping water out of the house when not on mini break involving internet based whinge about having a really bad day.
If we can get to the point where we realize that simply being a parent does not entitle us to much of anything, and particularly not to battle against and defeat our kids at the very point at which they are the most vulnerable, we can begin to partner with our children in an environment of love and respect. And we can, with time and patience, use the power of assuming positive intent to help our children work through their frustration, anger, and sadness.
Because it’s totally true. Very real. Miraculous. Breathtaking.
2) Bonus Code: Sioux City SUX2X
So naturally when i saw this theme i had to use....
Therefore we do not lose heart. Though outwardly we are wasting away, yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day. For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all. So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen. For what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal.
-1000 families
Then I shredded it.
and look down as from a height,
Children's non-fiction, trade 11 23
Labour leader Ed Miliband said a pie dispute should be avoided “at all costs” and urged government and pie industry chiefs to get round the table and negotiate:
I pointed out a uniform Officer there was an NFL size guy to that hold up man. Frankly the dude was a monster. I asked hold up man if he would rob him. He said "If I needed the money."
Lately, I have been thinking about what my life would have been like had I chosen a different path in life. I never thought of being a business major in college. But lately I have wondered if I should have been a business major. Or a doctor? Or anything other than a graphic designer/artist. I should have listened to my father when he told me I wouldn't make as much money as I thought I would. He wasn't discrediting my abilities. He just thought I could make more money doing something else. And unlike me, he knew I wouldn't be happy with less money. Oh dad's they are SO smart.
June 2010 – School ends in Sherwood on the 16th. House has already been packed and hauled off by the 15th. We head down the road and find out on the way that we have finally closed on the house in California. Boy was that cutting it close. We moved in on the 18th. Although we have officially moved in – there are still boxes. We never really unpacked in Oregon, and some things have been in boxes since Jan. 2009, but we are getting settled.
Sun 10/19 Portland, OR Roseland Theater
I took a four day time-out this weekend where I tried not to think about the issues with my mom but I couldn't totally rid myself of the worry. Every night I woke up and immediately thought about the hurdles I faced and the problems I have to solve. Because I am such an anal retentive person who needs to fix problems as soon as they arise, I've been very stressed out by this whole situation.
Vance Patterson (REP) 19.57% 580
playing in the snow.
Her full lips pursed, the errant notes to seize;
Go for it, and about those mines, yes there are and no, not all around anymore, and in case there are, or you want to go hiking cross country, each and everyone has info, and in each town there is information available.
Removius Chromosomius TwentyOneous
I understand the Beanpot is important, I get that. I love talking to Niki too, but really unless her car died (even that’s iffy depending on where the car died) that’s a call-back situation. An unidentified wild animal demands jumping up and responding. I want to hear weapons, I want to hear boots pounding up the stairs and whatever’s behind the bed, I want GONE! What I don’t want is meandering upstairs with a flashlight and whisk brush and dustpan. The dustpan can come later. It’s not as though we haven’t practiced this before. We had the flying squirrel incident in Niki’s bedroom that lasted 3 hours with lots of swearing, grumbling about too much crap under Niki’s bed, chairs getting knocked over, and a really scared squirrel racing from bed to dresser, to bookcase until he got cornered in a box and tossed out the second floor window. So it’s not as if we haven’t had this drill before.
Rachel paid a price. Nearing thirty, with her father dead, she found herself autonomous and unleashed but decidedly past her prime. Then, in London in the 1880s, at the high noon of imperial Britain, she met Frederick Beer, the sole inheritor of a fortune made by his German forebears.
The movie was phenomenal. The crew did an amazing job recreating the grey physical and emotional demeanor of District 12 (Appalachia/coal country). When Effie Trinket (played by Elizabeth Banks, who you might remember from Zack and Miri Make a Porno), the Capitol representative assigned to the District 12 tributes, steps onto the stage to draw the names, she and a flag of Panem above her are the ONLY splashes of color in an otherwise grey and brown world.
Some people wonder why I write such strange stuff in my books. Isn’t it obvious??
She claimed things changed and she needs to sell the house. This would assume she is some sort of financial bind. Since then workers show up and then aren't seen for weeks. The house gets worked on for a few days and then no one shows up. It took at least 2 months after her email to me informing she was selling for her to clear out the trash and fix some of the things in my apartment that were broken. Other items on my check list still remain undone, but they are mostly aesthetic.
I don't know if you've heard?
It is easy to let this kind of languaging drift into what sounds like “religious talk.” I do not deify Mother Ayahuasca. I understand her to be an Elemental Spirit who has the ability to interact with our lives through some backdoor methods that involve synchronicity and the collective unconscious, to use Jung’s terms. I do not know how to scientifically describe this, but I accept it for myself since I have experienced it directly.
In Scorsese's film, I am supposed to believe that the doctors stuck Teddy on a boat with his fake partner, who is actually his doctor, and had it circle back to the island, where they let him pretty much take control of the whole facility so that he can find his way out of his own delusions. Now, this may make for a more superficially "thrilling" narrative, but it makes me wonder if it is actually the doctors who are truly insane. Perhaps, there may have been a better form of therapy that did not include Teddy blowing up Dr. Cawley's car or knocking out a guard with the butt of a rifle. Even more odd is that the facility's staff seem to be world-class performers, living their roles 24/7 like the best of Hollywood's Method actors. Were there auditions to pick the nurse that plays the part of Rachel Solando with all the intensity of Gena Rowlands? I am surprised that no one picked up that the big secret of "Shutter Island" is that it is actually "The Truman Show" with mental patients as extras.
It is me I am missing and fearing to be near
This year I re-read parts of Dinesh D’Souza’s book “What’s So Great About Christianity?” In that book he warns about a new atheism that is infecting our society as a whole, but, more importantly, it is affecting many of our young people in colleges and universities.
Sobe stick it! eye primer (applied all around the eyes patting then rubbing in gently with ring finger)
So what have we learned? Mostly that people on the internet are not really interested in politics or 20th century industrialised England, but they are very fond of cartoon kiddie porn, psychotics, vampires and cooking. Seems about correct.
A few items are missing from the pictures, but here are most of our goodies:
As I keep saying, its a fab course but I don't 'get' all of it at this time but Ive taken what I can from it, and turned it into something I can use now.....the course is always available once you've paid, so I think its something I'm going to have to go back to again in some months time and give it another bash.
You will be happy you stopped by today, however, because this recipe is the shanizzle. Oh...and it's stupidly easy...and you moms know what I'm throwin' down...week night...kids in four million places at once...you need easy. You'll dig this.
With the giving season upon us, you might be looking for organizations that need some holiday funds or warm body volunteers. The Lone Star Paralysis Foundation is an organization that I recently got to know through an unfortunate accident. One thing that I noticed about the Lone Star Paralysis Foundation was the immense (and I mean IMMENSE) passion and unwavering focus on the organization's goals. In meeting many of the board members, I was bombarded with warm greetings and huge smiles. Dang, that is one happy, yet intensely focused board. Since I hadn't mentioned it yet, the mission of the organization is "to cure spinal cord paralysis through funding research, advanced recovery, and community outreach."
And then we come to Mikey’s birth. I’ll just tell his story now, and perhaps throw in a few comparisons, but mostly leave that up to you if you want to compare with Evelyn’s on your own.
The genius behind it all is Steve Arroyo. He has given us a "river" (true to his last name) of restaurants starting with the original Malo (when it was smaller and less malo) and onto Cobras & Matadors and a cool sandwich place around the corner called "Potato Chip." I wanted to steal that sign too but it's too big! He's also a part owner in Umami burger (where a Cobras & Matadors used to be on Hollywood Blvd.) and he started Church & State. Dios Mio!!!!!
I had to write a post about this.
Van Raighan’s footsteps were like a feather falling on linen, only audible because there was nothing else to hear. This time, Rel managed to keep count, edging ever-so-slowly around the pillar, keeping it between him and the thief. The other guardsmen did likewise. Then there was a series of grunts and muffled curses, and it was time to move.
Set 2
Next, I head over to Hotmail. I still have no idea how these people got into my account. I don't use this email anymore; it's not like I'm trolling the internet and using it on sketchy websites. My password, while not full of capital letters and numbers, was not an actual word; I seriously doubt someone could just guess it.
The sheriff says that Dell's death was suicide, but Hallie doesn't believe it. Something happened or Dell's ghost wouldn't still be hanging around. Friends and family, mourning Dell's loss, think Hallie's letting her grief interfere with her judgment.
WND was first to report Lerner was the brain behind some of the economic protest templates being used by the Occupy Wall Street campaign.
The ingredients should start to ball together, when they are just starting to form into a dough ball, take the ball out and kneed it a little to ensure full incorporation (you may need more water at this point). You do not want to put too much more icing sugar into the dough or it will be too thick and not as melty when eaten.
Sexual sins are some of the most heinous of crimes, and as a Christian, I believed it would never touch me as I would never have anything to do with such acts. However, when those sins came from a family member, everything changed.
No, surely not! It was just a group of hotheads - they don't speak for the wider police and white Christian communities!
4 security units taken from Sandy and put under Kamla
But if you do it, and you know you do it, try to stop. Or at least try to make yourself less obvious. It's a harmless thing, really, but it can make someone who already feels pretty freaking iffy about their appearance feel more like a turd with two legs. The person you're scanning, she probably knows that her jeans are out of date, that she doesn't have the right purse/haircut/makeup. She doesn't need your bitchy up and down sniff of judgment.
At this point, I'm not really sure what the actual reason for the path being made behind my house is, but for now it's my new walking/running path through the great outdoors.
Also, these images are offensive to many and people hurt when they see it. So why is wearing such costumes the idea of fun to you?
Why is the left deviation from average a sickness, while the right deviation from average is a virtue? The deeply joyous are as equally deviates as the deeply sad. Yet only the sad have to be medicated into conformity. When the medical community starts saying that chronic perkiness is a mental illness I’ll take their claims that my style of light depression that harms no one but me is a mental illness a little more seriously. In the mean time, they’re just picking on sad people because we make them sad too.
In the Band, lead vocals changed from song to song and sometimes within songs, and harmonies were elaborately communal. But particularly when lyrics turned to myths and tall tales of the American South — like “The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down,” “Ophelia” and “Rag Mama Rag” — the lead went to Mr. Helm, with his Arkansas twang and a voice that could sound desperate, ornery and amused at the same time.
Tonight at soccer, I was happily watching Cooper behead dandelions and Jack play some elaborate game that involved 2 other younger siblings and most of the practice cones when a sweaty Harry came running up to me screaming, "I need to go pee RIGHT NOW!"
But notice that obedience to the commands of Jesus is not a burden but brings joy. It requires effort to remain in the commands of Jesus just as it requires a great deal of effort to remain in his love by loving one another. He told us these things so that our joy would be complete. So even our completed joy is tied tightly to our obedience to Christ and to our love for Christ and to our love for one another. How can we be in Christ apart from our willingness to obey?
Each tower has several levels of upgrades, then a specialty choice (i.e. marksman or rangers for the arrow towers, mage or sorcerer for the magic tower). Once you choose a specialty, then you get to pick from special powers made available from picking your specialty - yes, you can choose poorly.
Justine Graykin is a writer and free-lance philosopher sustained by her deep, abiding faith in Science and Humanity — well, Science, anyway –- and the belief that humor is the best anti-gravity device. Find her work and bloggings at justinegraykin.com
6.North Coco Plum Island, Belize
Anyways..... The 4 five and under, myself, my dear friend, and two of her kids were sitting outside, enjoying the warmth and a little bit of free time before it was time to start lunch. The kids weren't getting along so well, though, so after becoming weary of the continuous fighting and whining, I told the 5-year-old boy and Twin B that they needed to go inside and stay there for a while until they could get along. They went inside and I turned back to my friend to continue our conversation. Soon, however, I could hear them starting to argue again, then I heard the slamming of the wrought iron screen door, then a shriek, then saw my friend look over my shoulder, eyes wide, and heard her say, "Oh, no."
Michelle runs an time and money saving blog that is sure to make all of your lives easier! Michelle's title says it all. It's quite amazing really! But you CAN cook 5 dinners in just ONE hour too!!
Instead, Ivan thinks about TV shows he's seen and about his friends Stella, an elderly elephant, and Bob, a stray dog. But mostly Ivan thinks about art and how to capture the taste of a mango or the sound of leaves with color and a well-placed line.
We pondered over these words, unable to come up with any reply other than "wow."
Enjoy, and GOOD LUCK!
(Gioacchino Rossini; arr. William Hanna / Joseph Barbera)
The real issue isn't that the drugs are used to bring them to a professional level. The issue is that drugs are used to take them to the NEXT level. To make them Elite. To take an athlete to the "superior", "untouchable" level in his or her craft. To take someone that was already among the best of the best and make them better - to create that final level of separation!
"If disaster struck, and there was no more peanut butter, I just don't think I could go on."
An old Taoist parable goes like this: A carpenter said to his apprentice: “Do you know why this tree is so big and so old?” The apprentice said, “No . . Why?” The carpenter answered, “Because it is useless. If it had been useful it would have been cut down,sawed up and used for beds and tables and chairs. But because it is useless, it has been allowed to grow. That is why it so great and you can rest in its shadow.” I think about this parable as I sit and stare out the window at an old tree that has survived high winds and storms. That tree seems useless, but it provides branches where birds serenade us with their songs, and its presence helps this old man sit and stare. There are times when however much we would like to be busily engaged doing something, the condition of our bodies or our minds just will not permit us to do any of the things about which we feel we would like to be busy. I am still fairly busy in my slowed down life style, but there are days when all I can do is to just sit, and stare at my tree. What’s wrong with that? There is value in doing nothing. As the poet expressed it,”What is this life, if full of care, we have no time to stand and stare. No time to sit beneath a tree and stare as long as sheep and cows. Poor life this, if full of care, we have no time to stand and stare.”
Or perhaps that you were trying to do a “bboy” style shoulder spin in your sleep? Nah, me neither.
Yes, I’m talking about fantasy sports. Fake sports. Not real. But real in the sense that they are based on the outcomes of games that actually happen. Fantasy managers handpick their players and the destiny of the team rests on the players’ statistical production throughout the regular season of their respective sports. I personally love fantasy sports because they are a great way to study the players and statistics of the game, however they promote individuality and force fans to cheer for outrageous outcomes of games.
I had a 30 minutes wait, and the pompous ‘designer’ couldn’t understand my instructions, and simply said she only deals with international sizes like A4, B5 etc when asked to reduce my cards to 70% of the original size in Adobe Photoshop.
The biblical basis of the credal doctrine of the Trinity appears, therefore, to be secure. We can be thankful that the Fathers embodied in Creeds the exegetical conclusions which they had so patiently worked out, since this enables churches that use the Creeds to keep those conclusions constantly before their minds. The positive contribution which Calvin made to the exposition of the doctrine, by emphasising the three Persons and their equality, as each being God, was a valuable one, but the doubt cast by some later Calvinists on the eternal impartation of the divine being and nature by one Person to another has been a regrettable development and, insofar as Calvin was responsible for it, he has had a negative influence also. This negative development has involved an attenuation of trinitarian doctrine and a reductionist approach to the biblical evidence on which it rests, and of these tendencies Professor Helm’s lecture is a rather extreme example.
Common sense tells us it is wrong to do this? Do they really think God can not do without them? Do they really think God needs them to interpret each verse for the so-called layperson?
According to the CareerBuilder survey, the following are the errors job seekers make most often:
If you were in a dangerous condition, would you want emergency workers confused about who has supplies that might save your life?
“Jenro. Hi.”
In light of this, Collette has developed a sympathy pregnancy. She, too, has a baby in her belly - a baby girl, at that - and her baby is making her tummy "ouchy" and also making her sleepy. I guess she is also in her first trimester.
So I said I'd let y'all know how Rosetta Stone (renamed Kirin) was going. Well, there are three CD's broken up into four units. Well, I got to the third unit of CD one and hit a wall. Like, I have no idea what that says.
11.Young & Foolish
Muted lights and a cozy pair,
8. My time spent on the UEFA Portal to get Irish football tickets
Dropping down a curb
- Make bag for Dale's Android tablet thingy.
Keziah was the second beautiful daughter of Job in the Book of Job. It’s a bit of a family name since it’s my Great-Great-Grandmother’s name. Our family didn’t know the correct spelling until I did some research so one of my cousins has Cassia as her second name, which is rather lovely too.
Still I'll rise.
FB: NON!!! It's that THEEEENG...(he shakes his hands with frustration)
"Okay, I am feeling the apartment trembling. It trembled about four times in the last few minutes with the accompanying low, rumbling noise. I thought I might be getting paranoid, but my room-mate heard it, too - he thinks it might be a plane. But I've been hearing planes fly over our heads all day long and didn't feel the apartment shake. Anyways, the news aren't updating us about it so who knows.
‘The mistake is to make of God either an explanatory God of the gaps or a useful hypothesis to explain the origin of the universe. But we are now returning to the simple and essentially biblically truth that God does not serve any outside purpose.’
of a little girl, or the pilgrim
To register for a workshop please email mystampingstudio@eastlink.ca or call 472-3303.
“Instead of information in these information kiosks I have installed multiple-choice questions, the kind one might encounter on a psychological test created by a slightly crazy person. The questions and their answers attempt to provoke moral dilemmas—situations in which no answer is really acceptable. Above these impossible and uncomfortable proposals are images of CCTV cameras, a reminder that our choices (or the impossibility of even making a choice in this case) might be monitored for our own protection. These images will be up during the art festival and many people will rightly guess that they are art of some sort; however I hope that by not identifying them as such, some slight confusion might result.
Bob - So what you’re what you’re saying is that you have your Driver, 7-iron, pitching wedge and putter, but once in a while, you might need a lob wedge or a utility club.
A lot of the time, it's you.
Last night I watched the show Survivor. I love to watch it because it amazes me what people will do for a million dollars. They will be dropped off in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of strangers and are told to survive. They have no food or shelter. They may or may not have any survival skills. They have to learn to start a fire, fetch water and find food. Some do well with this challenge. Others do not. Last night was the Survivor Auction. Each contestant was given five hundred dollars to use for bidding. They bid on food, letters from home and an advantage for an upcoming challenge. One of the contestants spent all of her money on a letter from home. There was no question in her mind; she needed to hear from a loved one. Without hesitation, she laid down all she had for that letter.
I made him something to eat and he drank some of the vitamin C mixture and he perked up a bit.
Thank you all for reading and participating in my little blog and book reviews! I'm always soooo soooo very happy to share tidbits about my life and also especially excited to bring exciting authors and books your way. As you know, over the fall, I hosted an extreme book giveaway where the first grand prize winner never showed up to claim her 25 books. We had to choose another winner. I'm excited to announce the new winner here in a few seconds.
Anyhow, you always wonder when you homeschool if your kids will later regret the choices you made for them. It was nice to hear that Alexander is happy with where he is in life.
NOVEMBER 1994
Where we used to be able to focus our attention we now turn blind eyes,
We did get some help in the form of food/cooking oil from Ethiopian Red Cross, but no compensation for the destroyed properties. Eventually things calmed down, and people were asked to re-settle, to go back to the village. Some people did return, but majority of them left the area altogether. My family decided to stay in the small town, though financially we had a hard time; we literally had almost nothing as most of what my parents owned was left behind. At least we were alive because some people had perished in the cover of darkness.
I was the first! When the world was new,
I spend a lot of time in the kitchen. I also think cookbooks are fun just to read, but I’m weird.
"He had a profound contempt for those whose overriding ambition was to be rich. It was a mania, he thought, a kind of disease, and he comforted himself with the reflection that the rich were rarely happy"
"The attack was planned in great detail and they came prepared with enough ammunition."
I fell in love with Joyce’s writing. It is so descriptive. Here is a little taste.
Rated Free for Everyone! is a preview of two children’s comics from Oni Press. Sketch Monsters is the tale of a girl who expresses herself through art, which sometimes comes to life and wrecks havoc on the town. Power Lunch is about a boy who is told he’s allergic to practically everything, but in reality different foods give him a variety of super powers. Both were cute, but Power Lunch had such an interesting concept that it’s more likely I’ll pick that one up when the book comes out.
This section mostly deals with how to follow the rules and not how to overturn them, or what they really mean, or how to articulate them when looking at non-story based work. There is only brief comment on how fixed structures can be damaging for a writer. ‘Use the sequences of change that best expresses your story’. Leaving the word ‘story’ to be used in the rest of the book without having been interrogated.
When the door opened and her father walked in , Bonnie knew the hour had come. She hugged and kissed her parents and gave her sister a weak smile but no intimacy passed between them. Amid her Mom’s questions and attempts at conversation, Bonnie asked Evie to come into her room upstairs. Long story short, she broke it down to her about the weekend with her husband, and although she was sorry she had hurt her, she wanted to leave with a clear conscience. Well, Evelyn Yvette wasn’t about to let it go that easily. She hit Bonnie smack dab in the face, and Bonnie hit her back. After that it was punch for punch and lick for lick. A real knockdown drag out cat fight. Their parents came up and broke up the fight, sat them down and tried to understand what had caused this.
Come draft time, barring any trades, the Toronto Maple Leafs will pick 5th in the 2012 NHL Entry draft. However, don’t count on the 5th pick yet because the Leafs do not have a happy relationship with the draft.
These people work tirelessly to help and aid those service and ex-service people who have been injured, lost limbs or just need help. I can never thank them enough they made Jacks life easier and towards the end they were always there, when Kath visited Jack in hospital she always had a laugh and joke.
There’s definitely room for the Neal Stephensons of the world. There is no universal “right” way to do things. A long sentence is not necessarily a bad one. But as you write, you should be aware of how approachable your writing is. Remember that someone has to read this. They have to want to read it. Draw them in with strong words and a stronger story. Don’t weigh them down. If you’re going to use a lot of words, use the right ones.
I told her Harold would meet her right away, done deal, and hung up.
Peas, beans, onions can all go in. I put the onions in no more than three-quarters of an inch deep. Don’t forget to hoe the weeds off and pull the soil away as they get a bit bigger.
and House 421 (A) Road, FHA
The nose was rich and fragrant, dominated by plump plum fruit.
~ Kenna
Jolly Pumpkin Oro de Calabaza: a beautiful, complex Belgian strong ale. Lots of barnyard and Brett yeast notes.
"Who was he?" I asked, trying to keep my voice nonchalant.
In the United States, we have thousands upon thousands of laws and regulations that businesses must comply with. On the other side of the globe, there is often very little red tape.
EFS now offers web-based Terminal Disclaimer: The PTO has made a small but very useful improvement to e-filing. Instead of uploading a Terminal Disclaimer in the form of a PDF, you can now fill out a web-based Terminal Disclaimer form. See the PTO announcement here and more details here. The TD is automatically processed to verify that the filer is listed on the power of attorney, and if so the TD is automatically approved. In contrast, filing the old way requires a manual review of the TD by PTO personnel. One caveat: if you're not on the power of attorney, the assignee must sign, in which case you'll probably want to file the old way.
2 ½ cup Dry Rajma (Kidney Beans)
Till the next time – have fun and enjoy life, I will certainly be trying to that without any withdrawals!!!
Certainly after 8 months in office he has done nothing to warrant the award as yet.
As it is, she sleeps on her office floor on the days she has to be in Iowa City, riding the Greyhound bus in from Des Moines. She helps support her mother with the approximately $16,000 she earns as a teaching assistant. But she is in danger of dropping out before getting her doctorate because she has hit her limit on loans, and most likely won’t be able to get a teaching assistant position next year because of cuts in undergraduate programs.
I believe Southampton have a good chance of staying up and St Mary’s will be rocking next season as they entertain the big boys of the Premier League once again. To make the season even sweeter while they are gaining promotion their local rivals have slipped into the third tier of English football.
Sheiner EK; Sheiner E, Carel R, Potashnik G, Shoham-Vardi L. Potential association between male infertility and occupational psychological stress. J Occup Environ Med 2002; 44: 1093-1099.
What Can't Be Erased
I sprayed it and flew through Topanga Canyon onto Malibu and landed on the wet sand next to the Pacific. A campfire on the beach burned sandal wood and vetiver.
V)Victory
As it happens, the con does attract a rather respectable contingent of media guests each year, and 2012 is no exception. Receiving top billing for this year’s show is Admiral Adama himself, the incomparable Edward James Olmos. I had a chance to meet Mr. Olmos at Shore Leave a couple of years ago, and the man is a true class act. He’ll be joined by Billy Dee Williams, Gil Gerard, Erin Gray AND Felix Silla from Buck Rogers in the 25th Century, Jake Lloyd and Adrienne Wilkinson of Star Wars fame, Amy Okuda and Robin Thorsen from The Guild, and KC native Blair Butler from G4TV’s Attack of the Show. Check out the full guest details at the con’s website.
So, why did I dislike this book so much?
Ah, yes. The bungalow in Irvington (suburb of Indianapolis). Bedroom. Bare bedroom light fixture right over my head. Why does this make me smile? (And it does!) All the light fixtures in the house allowed two light bulbs. However, all the light fixtures in the house only lit one of them. There was no point in putting in a second light bulb.
If you need professional help in regard to any health issues or possible depression, don’t shy away from considering your local GP, he/ she may be able to help. The Samaritans do a great job of getting alongside people struggling, and will always have someone you can talk to.
Stop your whining and grow up, Christians. Jesus was not a whiner. He even told us that we would be criticized. He said people would hate us. He said that should not stop us from loving people. He said to love those who hate you and pray for those who persecute you. He never told us that everybody would love us if we just acted a certain way. Christians spend far to much time holding their feelings out for the world to see and hoping to get some sympathy instead of looking for those who need sympathy and running to encourage them. We were not put here to receive praise from humanity, but rather to glorify God in heaven.
Our house, needs some help. Badly. I’ve read several sites on how to declutter and get organized and I’m actually slowly doing it myself! You should see how much stuff we’ve already given away and how many more boxes we still have to give away! I’ve found three things that are absolutely true in the times I’ve had to work at this.
Sam loves getting in mommy and daddy's bed in the morning to watch cartoons and this morning he COULD.NOT.WAIT for Blake to wake up because he wanted hold Blake and have the two of them watch cartoons together. Show of choice right now is Curious George-- I am so happy to have a break from Mickey Mouse Clubhouse since that is pretty much all we watched for over 5 months straight!
The final battle scene was the most difficult. It was hard because I never take the loss of a character easy and goodbyes are never fun. I hope that isn’t a spoiler.
First of all – I don’t get enough sleep, and I haven’t in years. Recent research shows that there is a direct link between lack of sleep and weight issues. Apparently, there are two hormones affected by lack of sleep – ghrelin and leptin. When you don’t get adequate sleep, ghrelin levels go up which stimulates your appetite and leptin levels drop making it very difficult to feel satisfied after eating. It’s a double whammy that can make you crave high calorie carbohydrates far more than if you had gotten those 7 hours of sleep most of us need. According to the Harvard Health Publication, chronic sleep deprivation leads to all sorts of problems: high blood pressure, insulin resistance, learning and memory issues, mood issues, increased risk of heart disease, and higher rates of disease. (Adequate sleep may even fight off cancer.)
2-Sentiment Stamps (They Coordinate with the New Vintage Winter Paper Pad)
When people express the standard miscarriage sentiments of "These things happen for a reason." or "This is God/Nature's way of weeding out the sick and the unhealthy ones." or "It's all for the best." or "You can always have more kids." It cuts mothers of the unborn to the core. Think of how cruel it would be to say any of those things to the mother of a 6 year old who had died of leukemia. You wouldn't, because that would be horrid. I can tell you that the mother of an unborn child, lost at any stage in pregnancy, feels just as much that she is a mother and that was her child as the mother of a child of any age. So telling her that her baby was just a malformed, sick affront to evolution that is better off dead is not helpful, comforting, or kind. Don't say it or anything that makes it seem like this was supposed to happen. Because even though we know it's true, and that if something was terribly wrong it probably is better that the baby died early, the idea that there was something so wrong with our child that it couldn't even live is frightening, upsetting, and awful. And none of it takes away the fact that we lost a child. We didn't lose a fetus, we lost our baby, it died. It will never be in our belly or arms again. We won't get to meet it or see it or hold it and play with it. We can't watch it grow up. It's gone and dead, which is tragic and intensely painful.
Me: A yacht?
snakes stretch beyond their skins in the sun.
Another great thing about living alone is that you must take responsibility for everything. This means that you must make sure that all bills are paid on time and that the dish is complete and the floor will be vacuumed. Many people simply can not do this unless there is someone there to tell them to do so. If you are the type who needs to be told to go to work then it is probably not a good idea to live alone. You'll almost certainly find that you will forget to pay the bills is important and it will lead to all sorts of problems.
The pain of this realization was small, sudden, and surprised the spoiled princess. She felt a sudden emptiness, and in that moment realized how deeply her family’s love affected the very fibers of her being. Being suddenly alone was unbearable, even more painful than reaching out to touch her sister.
Today in the financial press there are so many articles that on the surface seem true but upon further examination they are often more harmful than helpful.
The first route was from Douala to Paris (CDG) and domestically from Douala to Yaounde.
Pour the chocolate mix into the prepared tin and spread it out into an even layer. It will be quite thin.
Lead Vocals – Andy Sanchez
“Hurry! The show is about to start!”
Ink - Black, Hydrangea (retired), Grey Wool, Ponderosa Pine, C1 - Copic Marker
Everyone’s unique and like an alien! We each have our own personality which makes it seem like we’re not earthlings (laughs). That is our best charm.
All of this might make you wonder what it is about centaurs that I find appealing. I can answer you in a single word: Chiron. This learned centaur has always been one of my absolute favorite characters in Greek mythology, as gentle, just and wise as his cousins are barbarous. In fact, vase painters would often depict him as having a full man’s body with only two horse feet behind, just to show how different he was.
However, as doctors, and healthcare professionals, we often seem to forget that there truly is life going on after death, or, perhaps more accurately, we get very easily distracted into concentrating on the life that has just come to occupy our attentions rather more than the one which has just ended within our sphere of influence.
Unfortunately, most workers have not built 401(k) accounts sufficient to fund a comfortable retirement; the average 401(k) balance “is just over $60,000,” according to The Week. Even worse, “(m)ore than half of U.S. workers have no retirement plan at all.” Social Security payments “averaging $14,780 a year for individuals and $22,000 for couples” won’t bridge the gaps.
"Oh. So zey saved you from ze starvations, and you sank zem by killing zem all and stealing ze lands? And zen, you make ze holidays because of ziss?"
Aurima, the stubborn and bitter German hostage with whom Marcus has fallen in love, sneers at him for not seeking vengeance and tries to kill Caligula herself. Unless Marcus turns her in, the enraged Caligula vows to punish him by demanding the suicide of his dishonored father. In the end, Marcus achieves what he desired – to prove himself a better man than his father – but realizes that in protecting Rome from Caligula, he can rely on no one but himself.
5. My baby is FIVE. Okay fine, almost 6.
Parties are great at revealing our inner minds to ourselves. My mind is currently asking whether I have anything relevant to say in a world that, despite being not much younger, feels like lightyears away. And with degree show just around the corner what better time than now to answer that question.
No sale date has been set, but it will be soon.
Spend at least 250 words talking about your strategies on getting through. And then share them here, so others can learn from your experience. Who knows, you might learn something too.
Bill “Wood” aka Bill Brockbrader (real name, Brock Williams) was indeed a Navy SEAL but he was not in team 9, he was in Team 11, an off-world unit that very very few know about. (SEAL Teams 7 and 8 are on earth, 9 assigned to inner-earth, 10-12 off-world, 13 inter-dimensional, 14-15 time travel). Right now, however, Bill is working for the CIA, most recently in Operation Peek-a-Boo, along with CIA collegaues Kerry Cassidy and Eva Moore.
* If you actually believed that last part, you don’t know what his idea of a “heartwarming” story is.
Homeschool is going well. This is not to say it isn't without bickering, fussing, and driving the teachers crazy; but there is more learning then ever going on. And this is the part I really love. I realize right now...how much I really LOVE being their teacher when they are focused on learning. It's not so fun when they are whining and bickering. And it's really, really hard when the boys are home....our school is done best when boys are at THEIR school.
(1)Generalised or localised muscle fatigue after minimal exertion with prolonged recovery time.
Chisum provides some interesting background information on the state of technology heading into the Benson decision:
-before they can announce the first guy, lets go Cena/Cena sucks breaks out.
According to Owen Bradley, her Decca Records producer, the Four Star compositions only seemed to hint at the potential that lurked inside of Cline. Bradley thought her voice was best suited for singing pop music. The Four Star producers, however, insisted that Cline would record only country songs, as her contract also stated. During her contract with Four Star, she recorded 51 songs.
Kona Brewing Company Pipeline Porter
Just to further complicated the counter top issue. I have a bunch of pins for wood counters. I have a lot of wood in my house (the molding and stairs to name a few) so I thought wood counters would (ha) tie in the rest of the house.
“OH SHIT” and “FUCK ME,” are the two lettered phrases that first came to mind.
T-Shirt: UO ($14 sale)
I know I've been promising that I would get back to writing this blog full time but it's been a lot harder to find the time than I thought. So rather than have readers feel cheated or lied to, I'll just start being more active and it'll be easier to keep those promises once I get back into the groove of things. In the meantime, check back often for new reviews and updates on the wonderfully bizarre world of movies. Also, follow us on Twitter and Facebook to be updated on all the new posts that will be coming soon!
We were suppose to head back to Dallas tonight but we opted to try and stay for one more night. Asking the good folks at the Austin Motel to hook us up with a room. We made a bit more and got upgraded to the "Mediterranean" suite. It's a bigger room with one side of the room wallpapered in a cliched Mediterranean scene. It's a little campy and fun.
So, you see, you do see don’t you, that Friday the 13th has been an awesome day for me! I’ve gotten a lot accomplished in my effort to reaching the goals on my LIFE LIST! YEAH FOR ME!!!
oh, wait.. you guys are wondering where the "jail" part figures in the middle of all this.. right?
Among the crossdressing/transgender community the question of feminizing hormones raises a lot of eyebrows. Many of the medical documents on the subject seem to have been written only to cause more confusion. But the truth about Estrogen and Anti-Androgen hormones is that they really take little effort to understand.
Todays recipe is a traditional sweet pie with soft butternut squash, honey, raisins, cinnamon and crunchy almonds. This pie is traditionaly served with sifted confectioners sugar and cinamon but it's delicious even plain.
Harold K. and Betty A. Forsen
Our granddaughter Mia likes Hash browns for breakfast and her Mother is not keen on her eating the bought ones everyday.
David would prefer to start this blog post this way:
One day while driving to a restaurant five minutes from our home, my husband listened along with me. And in that short time, he was enthralled.
Live the way you want to be remembered…
How was your week? I squeezed in two movies this week: a classic and now a new favorite. Did you watch a movie this week? And will you be watching The Hunger Games today with the rest of the country?
LG: Richie Incognito; Nate Garner; Ray Feinga
Persecution of Thought Criminals by the Tolerant
If you battle through this column every Friday then you’ll know that this isn’t the place to come to for detailed analysis of the game. What I’m going to post are some hunches and impressions I have about pressing. It won’t be easy, but in times of trouble I often find solace in the Good Book: Rinus Michels’ “Teambuilding: The Road to Success”
This week we'll be covering the letters P through U as we wend our way toward the final week of the challenge. I plan to be covering the topics of Poetry, Reputation, Savings and Investment, and Time. And don't think I forgot Q. I have a very special post scheduled for Q-Day Tuesday. It will be a coming attractions promo piece of our May 3rd Blog Event. I am hoping that we will have Challenge-wide participation for May 3rd and I hope to have many readers for what we all have to say.
It is a welcoming, warming and rather nice place, full of hidden nooks, bay windowed corners and walls strewn with various beer ephemera, memorabilia and bric a brac from ale times gone by. It's avery homely and pleasant environment to waste away a drizzly Cumbrian late afternoon and evening.
I went home, fell asleep on my couch and when I got a text message from him at three in morning, somehow forgot I was pissed. Because he said he wanted to see me. Not sex – he wanted to spend a few hours with me in his arms, before he had to go to work again at 9. He admitted it was a crazy idea, but that was the fun in it. I thought it was fun too – and agreed. I don’t know what got into me.
But then look eastward from your heart, there bulks
Revelation 3:20 is such a well-known passage. Almost every Christian has it memorized. The words immediately preceding it are less familiar:
After our walk, however, my friend and I decided to go for coffee at the local Starbucks.
One of the very first places we visited was Pearl Harbor. There are simply too many pictures and thoughts I’d like to share from that trip. So I’m going to save it for another post. But I can tell you, it was definitely a remarkable experience.
“There are a handful of people who think it’s absolutely brilliant. And there are a handful of people who absolutely hate it. I mean really really dislike it.
The girls followed it up with their digital single “It Girl” in June last year and recently won several new artist awards at year-end ceremonies and have performed overseas at music festivals with other K-pop artists.
I'm desperate to figure out who it belongs to. It's a fairly professional office building, so I suspect that the driver won't look at all like a person who would drive a lowrider. I can't wait to find out.
Every fabric of our society is ‘kotor’ because the ‘Ketuanan’ in us exists.
I know it is a little fuzzy but do you see how the ribbon goes between and around each students hand/fingers and connects to the next student's drawing? The ribbon links all the students drawings and then she made a copy of each students drawing for everyone in the class and they assembled them into books with everyone's hands. Pretty cool!.
Before I got the message, it was just about getting to play with my inventions. Keeping an ear on the news, so as to time a propulsion experiment to coincide with an atmospheric anomaly so as not to get noticed. Getting supplies one screw, one bolt, one dang thing after another, at a time. Painfully slow way to work. Sometimes it took a year to build less than half a working engine. It all got a bit tiring. But boy howdy, CA didn’t look too kindly on it when we were good at something that they hadn’t engineered us to do. So, excuse me, but this shiny me, this me who either wasn’t or didn’t need to be nervous about CA, well, he had me a little ticked off.
Following this pain clinic fiasco, I’m then off to physical therapy, where I’m not quite sure I’m getting much help but it is required as part of Operation: Hand Get Better. Right now, I’m wadding up a paper towel with all fingers except my index finger. Yes, I know this sounds silly and easy but it is actually difficult and quite painful. A few more exercises per day and I’m not sure my wrist would function.
14. Huckleberry Hound
The actual fighting mechanics are pretty standard, and I won’t waste time listing them here, but I will discuss the wide range of control options. Players can choose from control options that include the Nunchuk and Wii Remote, a Gamecube controller, or a Classic Controller. While I have tried all of these control schemes (I even bought a Classic Controller for this purpose), the last two feel the most natural to me. It may just be that I’m old and remember my glory days of playing Streets of Rage, but this type of game feels right with a more traditional control scheme. The Wii Remote controls are not bad, and I’ve talked to people who swear by them, but I like the traditional control schemes a little better. On the upside, there are plenty of things to fight to help you make the control decision for yourself.
The Detroit students, who were on spring break this week, are fourth graders at Marcus Garvey Academy. The plan is from 48-year-old Melanie Manos, a lecturer at the University of Michigan who came up with the idea for the outdoor libraries as a project for her art and design students.
1/2 cup fine granulated sugar
Before Siddhartha became the Buddha, one of his early gurus said, “You may stay here with me,” and promised, “a wise man can soon dwell in his teacher’s knowledge and experience it directly for himself.”
What else can I write about the Brooks Pure Connect that has not been covered here, here and here? Well, to be honest, not much. Except that I second all the praises the reviewers have rained down on this shoe. But I feel I need to ut in my two cents worth, sort of elaborating what the fuss I am making is all about, right? To begin let me just very quickly describe the shoe: Lightweight, breathable mesh upper, a design that follows the natural contour of a foot, arch support in form of the Nav band that hugs your foot et is flexible so won’t constrict your form, wide toe box aided by the split toe design, Brooks DNA dynamic cushioning, heel is shaped in a way that naturally prevents you to heel strike, overall shoe design helps you adopt a more natural ‘barefoot- like gait… what else… sausage like shoe laces helps them stay in place, oh and did I mention the biodegradable midsole foam?
Subs: 16 James Parsons, 17 Angus Ta’avao, 18 Liaki Moli, 19 Daniel Braid, 20 Alby Mathewson, 21 Lachie Munro, 22 David Raikuna.
Meanwhile the head of the Russian Orthodox Church, Patriarch Kirill, has held a special service in Kremlin’s Annunciation Cathedral, which used to be private church of the Muscovite monarchs.
“And that’s where we’re going next,” he says.
Tonight is Bonfire Night. In the UK we remember Guy Fawkes who tried to blow up the Houses of Parliament. We build bonfires and place an effigy of Guy Fawkes on the fire, and watch him burn. Followed by lots of fireworks. As I'm writing this, I'm listen to lots of fireworks going off. It's been like it since it got dark and will carrying on until midnight or a bit later.
A girl in every town
We are blessed with wonderful family & friends, who have cared for us so lovingly through this. I admit that I burst into tears when my friend Keri walked into the surgical waiting room with a hot coffee & bagel for me, saying that no one should have to sit in that room alone. I think that was the first moment that I felt it was okay to stop being strong and just cry and admit that I had been scared to death.
ancon, n; a breed of sheep with very short legs. Apparently. According to Chambers 20th Century. But do I believe them? (Of course I do! They are founts of ineffable arcane knowledge on all things ovine. Or so they tell me.)
Myth #3: I have Photoshop, I’ll make my own cover. Okay, I’ll preface this comment with: there are some extremely talented authors out there that have made their own beautiful covers, but that tends to be the exception rather than the rule. From my own experience, I put my heart and soul into writing the Destiny Series (Meeting Destiny, Destiny’s Revenge and Destiny’s Wrath). It had fabulous reviews, but sales were still low (2-3 per day). Another author told me my covers were horrible – I agreed because, well – Duh, I’m not a graphic artist, I’m a writer. I spent the money to have covers designed for the series. Sales increased enough in the first month to pay for the cost of the covers. Keep in mind that most people will only see your cover when it is the size of a quarter, so don’t look at your cover when it is “book” size, look at it when it is only as large as your thumb. The cover has to be eye catching enough for a potential reader to click on it,
Pink and Olive Green!!!
Three official errors among many made; various displays of ineptitude and Carlos Zambrano? Pinch Hitter? Two RBI? Are you kidding me? But the Cub pitcher turned pinch hitter was merely a skit in a bigger Side-Show with futility on tap throughout the course of this game.
Teluk Intan Chee Cheong Fun varies from the typical Malaysian Chee Cheong Fun as it was eaten without sauce. It consists of rice noodle, turnip, minced meat and dried shrimp. It is eaten with the pickled chilies which kind of enhanced the taste.
to beg her not to leave.
I quickly hung up and told my sister about the call.
Not one to do things by halves or to take things laying down, my gorgeous friend organised a fundraising event like no other. Cupcakes for Cancer was an amazing event held last Thursday, which my girls and I attended.
So let’s use technology to create communication, not break it down. I double dog dare you to take a walk with a friend and leave your blackberry/iphone etc behind. You can meet him on eharmony, or talk with her about a book you e-read. Start online if you must. But eventually, just go on a walk. Talk, connect, discuss, develop.
Thank you again, especially to all the of the readers who took time out to leave such nice comments. And a special thanks to Susan at Homeroad who left this great tip on the driftwood post:
Unlike Amy Chua though, Mrs. Dhaliwal does allow her daughters to take breaks to visit the restroom when they wish, watch TV and choose their own musical instrument to play. However, she does not allow her daughters to sleepover at friends’ houses and says sports can be “time consuming” and might cause them to “fall behind in their studies”.
Weathering those tiny minds
When you turn a heap with a shovel it pours
"No, sorry!"
Tel : 087 410661
*General David McCloud
The reason the PICC line was stopped and the femoral line was put in was for two reasons. #1 she was too dehydrated so her veins were shot and #2 her body was under too much stress and she stopped breathing during the procedure.
DENIS BEAUDOIN: I just remember her saying when I donated that the doctor told her that she had to keep it warm by putting it between her — between her breasts — just to keep it warm, keep it room temperature until she took it in.
“You should talk more, you have a nice voice.” He said. Peter would just be so damn cute and say weird compliments like that. He was young and very sweet.
Pigment and tinting technology is an area that is constantly changing. In consultation with ICC, Midas Earthcote have developed technologically advanced blue oxides that offer a high degree of fade-resistance when exposed to UV rays. Midas Earthcote constantly upgrades its paint recipes in pace with tinting technologies to ensure that their systems offer world-leading coating solutions.
‘”You know that the rulers of the nations lord it over them, and those in high position enslave them. It shall not be so among you; but whoever would be great among you must be the servant.” Note that he makes no distinction or reservation. All national rulers, no matter what the nation or the political regime, lord it over their subjects. There can be no political power without tyranny. This is plain and certain for Jesus. When there are rulers and great leaders, there can be no such thing as good political power. Here again power is called into question. Power corrupts.’
Many people suggested to me that it is good to make sure you have a drink at the (self-service) bar, as selectors like to see how you relate to fellow candidates (though they didn’t seem to use it themselves, so I’m not sure how!) I had a soft drink the first night, but departed early to my very comfortable room. It was good to have time to phone home and talk to the family, and get an early night – I didn’t look at the Pastoral Exercise that night, just made best use of the peace and quiet.
"-of Federas. I've heard of you." Rissad's voice was hoarse. Rel pondered an oddity; in his viewing, he'd seen two faces for Rissad all the way through his incarceration, the 'hidden' one suggesting the Gatemaker had remained in total control, guided by some plan or other, throughout. There was no sign of that here. With a bitter grin, Rissad finished, "What brings you to my humble abode? Chag?"
Name of your blog
But despite these obstacles, I had my groupie crush, an object of desire. Had I been a decade younger and he’d been the Teen Beat magazine type, his poster would have been all over my walls. And I was sure we were destined to be together.
And then, all of a sudden Mike disappears.
What English misses in detail, and what would have led me to eat my full dose of crow was the impact that all of this had on ordinary/uninvolved New Yorkers. The crime was outrageous, but it is outrageous today, too, in a place like Over-the-Rhine. Gang-bangers shooting druggies is violent struggle (with not exactly noble purposes), but it ever-so-rarely touches the pharmacist who lives with her family in say, Loveland. These individuals are largely absent from “The Savage City.” I can only surmise that while there were incidents of random robberies, crimes, and murders, the ordinary New Yorker was more often harmed by the fact that the country’s perception of the city went straight to hell and as we know all too well in Cincinnati, perception can cripple a city.
Building on the code from the last article, I can now write a game loop which will check the gamepad data, and set the sprite’s X and Y coordinates during vertical blanking, and whilst maintaining 24 frames per second. I’ve also added a check for the A button, which will increase the speed of the sprite’s movement:
With nine guests to serve and only seven complete trifles it was obvious the two *different* trifles had to be sent to the table of two,hence leaving seven identical creations for the last remaining table,the seven.
zest of one orange
This used to cause me great stress. I would berate myself week after week for failing to get any writing done and the end of every week would feel like failure. But then I decided that if couldn’t change my other commitments, what I could at least change was my attitude.
I made a list to start projects this year of things that only bring me joy.
Thanks, Jay!
There are some other differences worth noting as well. Romney Care is solely a health insurance mandate requiring every citizen in Massachusetts to purchase a minimal required amount of health care insurance or pay a fine in order to receive some minimal coverage through the State. Obama Care does the same basic thing except it also places the burden on employers who meet the minimal number of employees to either provide insurance coverage which meets the Federal guidelines or pay fines on a per employee basis. Those not covered by employer provided health insurance are required to purchase their own coverage which meets the Federal requirements or pay a fine in order to be granted minimal allowed amount of coverage by the Federal Government. One interesting item I found, providing I understand the mechanisms accurately, an employer actually faces a larger fine should they provide their employees insurance found not to meet the minimal Federal requirements than if they simply opted not to provide insurance and just paid the penalty up front. This would place employers in the position of possibly paying a higher penalty for attempting to provide insurance and being found not in compliance than if they simply refused to even try and comply. This sounds like a plan to force employers to simply choose the monetarily safer route and simply refuse from the start to even play the game. As the super-computer in War Games, the WOPR, stated at the end, “The only winning move is not to play.” Hopefully the Supreme Court is half as intelligent as the computer in an old sci-fi movie.
Rainwater is collected from the downspout near the western end of the porch (left in this rendering). Here, a "stream" is designed to direct overflow to the rain garden. This would be planted with native shrubs, ferns, and wildflowers.
“A friend of mine told a story about a date with a guy she was really excited about: He stood her up. He then called her, begging her forgiveness and giving some excuse. She told him to get lost, telling him that he only gets one shot with her, and he blew it.”
Shoulder to shoulder
He is clothed with a robe dipped in blood, and His name is called The Word of God.
Joseph Breham, the French lawyer who is representing Suaram, has allegedly uncovered kickbacks to Malaysian politicians for the purchase of two Scorpene class submarines. He has said that “the money trail will lead to the culprits”.
He looks down on me, as if I am just now a ghostly memory
It's been a great time so far, and I've met so many wonderful and patriotic volunteers who have given their time and effort to this cause. We've met veterans, teachers, laborers, nurses... so many people, each of them with their own reasons for getting involved and putting their sweat behind this campaign. These people make me so proud to be an American, and so grateful for our freedom and our Constitution.
Things have gotten done though, slowly and piecemeal, sometimes not to the expectation I had hoped but I’m (still) learning that in parenthood “OK” can be okay.
Over the weekend I had a very strong urge to make something new, that would be quick to finish and not make me think too much. I had to think way too much making that pouch!
Slit by slit, memory by memory
The battery life of an Android device is crap. The Samsung Galaxy ACE that I have was hardly lasting a day in my initial usage. If a call comes and lasts an hour ( my conf calls go on for longer than that) then I need to immidiately plug it in to charge even now.
Slice each half into 10 pieces making sure to dip the knife into the hot water in between slicing to ensure a nice clean cut. Roll each piece of goat cheese into balls approximately 1/2-inch in diameter and put onto a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper.
1.Preheat the oven to 400. Prep your vegetables, including steaming the spinach. Be sure you press/drain the liquid out of the spinach.
As ever, I want to thank you all for your fabulous support, encouragement and all-round awesomeness. If you have any spare thoughts, prayers (or cash!) we can still use all of it so please join me on my adventure.
Kids off to school, and I am full of energy, which is not like me AT ALL.
Why has dodgy accounting not been acted on when even a previous treasurer has reported it? (6)
Whenever I think of spinach, the image of Popeye immediately appears. Popeye is one of my favourite cartoons when I was young. Who can forget the extraordinary strength that Popeye gained after consuming spinach, although I am not sure about the truth behind it? Hehe... Are you a fan of Popeye when young? Don't be shy to raise your hands. :)
Surprised fear crossed the Elf’s face.
The funny (?) thing is- some of the worst driving in London is carried out by minicab and private hire cars. In fact not just in London but all over! To stereotype, minicab drivers do not use their mirrors properly, do not signal, change lanes irratically, overtake too close, shout out the window at cyclists doing legal, sensible and advised manouvers and generally are a pain in the cyclists butt (or wherever they get hit…). Luckily Mr Griffin doesn’t think the “rules” apply to his private hire cars. As a clear expert on the subject, Griffin has got himself in trouble earlier in the week by advising his drivers to drive illegally in the bus lanes as he would reimburse any fines incurred by doing this.
She took me 2 her castle
Warning: This post contains language that could be construed as advice. Proceed with caution.
That's when things went lightening fast. He found a place for us to live and moved out. I started packing, bought a one-way ticket and put in my notice at work. I also filed for divorce. I'm sure most of you know how quickly you can get a divorce in Las Vegas. The morning of April 28th, 2000 I boarded a plane and was on my way to Calgary. I had never even been to Canada. To be honest, I had never even thought about visiting Canada. And now here I was, on my way to live with a guy I'd only known in person for 5 days! What was I thinking?? hahaha Well obviously this story has a happy ending. We've been together ever since and added a daughter to our little family. We finally made our love "legal" on August 8, 2009.
You can find my full “Where I’m From” poem from the beginning of the year on it’s page in my blog. For this assignment, I had to select one line from this poem that most effectively sums up just exactly who I am and where I’m from. The line I chose is:
Top 3 – Sophie, Seymone, & Eboni
Let me just make this clear. I do not need a tuk-tuk. If I do, I will approach you.
12. Business Card Holder
Held you captive in their grasp, relentless.
Tiny Holly punch - a really really old one from All night Media (you can just see the holly leaves along the base of the frame).
I made these for a friend who was having twins, a boy and a girl. I used two skeins of thick, chunky, soft yarn for each blanket. They are just a big granny square. I had originally planned to make smaller squares and join them together but because the yarn was so thick, it looked better as a giant granny, instead of a bunch of little ones.
So here it is, here I am, hope you like it…it will be on my new site when it’s all up and running. I’ve decided to be who I am, not to create for others, but for myself…to be true to my gifts. This comes from a great line of feeling the fear and doing it anyway!! Here goes….
The publisher says:
OK, I realize you can't actually read the tape measure from this angle (I just noticed that in fact) but surely you cannot doubt this Dick-head's honesty and integrity. Besides, I've got nothing to prove here.
Did Bo outgrow
Former Wall Street practitioners say the Street does not lend itself to a lot of introspection. "The world of investment bankers and especially the trading floor region is notoriously hermetically sealed,'" says Kenneth Froewiss, a retired JPMorgan Chase investment banker and former finance professor at New York University's Stern School of Business. "The walls may be filled with screens beaming the latest news, but there is typically an obliviousness as to what is happening across the street."
Command Master Chief Pat Reynolds, 44, of Lubbock, Texas, has been in the Navy for 25 years but has been aboard the Cole for only three weeks. He requested duty on the Cole in part because he was impressed with the crew’s ability to come together to save the ship.
will last over the years to come and we will continue to watch new eaglets with each season.
Date: 23 August 2010
5.Use that half hour. It’s not your bosses time after all. Plan your day. Read company procedure for what is expected of you (your job description), or learn a new skill. If you are a software project manager, you might want to read about accounting. If you work in retail, learn about how to fix the barcode computer when it goes wrong.
We are patriots to the core and both my husband and I think our military men and women should be honored for their sacrifices much more than they are. And once we saw that float, we couldn’t help but love it. Couldn’t help but forgive them for the slightly creepy Pete the Dragon float and spiel. Because we LaLas love us a military salute. Especially in our favorite place in the world, and especially when it involves roughly 3 million Christmas lights and a moving vehicle. That’s just coolness personified, whether you’re on property and feeling the effect of the Disney ‘everything is great’ sensors or not.
Finally, I think that much of the bad reactions we get from Christians and Muslims, when they react to us being “chosen,” is projections. Both Christianity and Islam work with an understanding of choseness themselves, such as only having Christians being saved, as well as the Islamic Ummah being the perfect Ummah. They transfer understandings of these concept to how they believe Jews view the idea of being “chosen.” And maybe, probably, many Jews actually are viewing the notion of being Jewish and “chosen” the same way. But all in all that is something that is far from the Jewish thought (and not the thoughts of Jews).
I want more
If you have identified the cause of the RSI quickly, and then take appropriate measures to prevent it occurring again, the problem should resolve itself.
The important part – ALWAYS, always have a screwdriver with you and stay on the side of the door with the screws while installing. You’ll need to test the door here and there, and once and a while there may be a little something off. Sometimes, not often, but sometimes the door can latch just so in the process and may get jammed. You need to be able to take the knob off (with your screwdriver) if the door gets stuck.
The best part of summer is an early morning spent fishing at the river, guarded by a faithful dog who understands that sitting quietly as you cast out and reel in the line over and over again is its own reward, because when you finally reel in a fish all she’ll get to do is sniff the tailfin before you toss it in the cooler to save for dinner.
Mentors. My sister's Ninjitsu instructor and drum teacher are both most definitely mentors. They're people she's friends with, people she respects, and people she learns a lot from (and as in all healthy relationships, no matter the type, I imagine they learn from her, as well). Mentors can be found through formal things like classes, as well as informally, through your community or extended social network. But no matter how you find them, people who are passionate and knowledgeable about something (be they accredited teachers or not), and are happy to share that knowledge and experience with others, can be a really wonderful way to learn.
We were picked up, again with the awesome sign with our names on it, and driven to our hostel. All of this was arranged by Intrepid, and included in our trip. The car this time was a much newer, and nicer crossover. Our driver was super friendly and courteous. A great first impression of where we will be for the next seven days.
I think that I will post my other adventures separately so that I can get into at least a little detail. It's been so long now that that may not be the simplest thing to do, but it's all good in the end.
It was an opportunity to experience
Multi Testing Mommy asked if I could post a sample menu of what I eat day to day. This has developed over the last few weeks and seems to be working for me.
Top Gun Screen Tests
Hopefully this will give you some ideas so that you can go and make your own unique cockades!
She has had a few issues with allergies
What are your eating/food habits?
His head tilted slightly as if to say, “Siz bilirsiniz.”
Of course, my planner is always with me, so I still have access to my other coupons if I need them throughout my trip for an unexpected sale or purchase.
Neu!: Neuschnee
We know more about health and development of our children. We know more about the effect of treating children and others poorly.
So for 2012, I’m doing it again. Yes, I did order components for 4 albums. One of those sets will be my 2012 album. The other 3 are for the extra pictures that I still have in a box. If I can get them in albums and then add the journaling I will actually be caught up on scrapbooking. That would never happen with the way I use to scrapbook.
A percentage of increase in business??
Wait overnight before baking the financier batter? No problem.
-Angelfire by Courtney Allison Moulton
"Brand walked along the yellow crime scene tape that cordoned off the dilapidated building. His gaze wandered over the stained brick wall and broken windows. He remembered when the building was new, how modern it had seemed rising out of the barren landscape. The abandoned industrial complex south of downtown had deteriorated from a Denver landmark into a crumbling eyesore over the last several decades. Glare from the bright, early winter sun prevented him from seeing inside the dim structure.
9. This was the first Dolls song I ever heard.
To finish the night, our volunteers enjoyed a delicious ‘Superhero’ cake, fruit and refreshments.
Andy Cutting told a story during his gig at The Slaughtered Lamb in Clerkenwell on Monday, about his inability to read music. It was something along the lines of how he couldn't do musical notation so he can't write his tunes down and because he can't sing (he claims) it's no good trying to record them on a dictaphone either, as they all come out sounding the same: as a kind of droning noise.
*You might want to look out for other good budget smartphones like the HTC One V, Samsung Galaxy W, Sony Xperia U or Apple iPhone 3GS.
What: Fourth of July celebration with barbecue, beer, live music and a great view of the Centennial Olympic Park firework celebration
We rented a house and moved in at the beginning of October. Yes it's only been a Month but it feels like it's been forever, it feels like home already! In fact the day we signed the lease it felt like home to me.
However, I will be at the front of the line for those who advocate compassion and forgiveness for people who were born into a system that tortured them in unimaginable ways, and gave them not even a shred of hope to ever escape.
"What happened?"
If I don’t face you directly There is meaning in the ways We heal each other everyday Beacon
They used the police car and the hijacked vehicle to escape. The Corolla was later found abandoned on a gravel road.
WITH A CAGOULE.
In August 1992 the military officers confronted President Bush and demanded he sign agreement that he would return the United States to constitutional law and ordered him to never use the term New World Order again. Bush pretended to cooperate but secretly planned to bring about the New World Order anyway by signing an Executive Order on December 25, 1992, that would have indefinitely closed all banks giving Bush an excuse to declare martial law.
I ignored the matter for the present time, as I was in dire really need to respond specified important formal mails. I logged to the Outlook, nonetheless failed, a beastly blunder was flashing anytime, whenever I actually clicked to the “Send” control key. Now, I actually was clueless.
agony. Rather, I want to be there with you, sharing in your grief. Help me, I
ACTION NOW!
A couple of weeks ago Eric was at my parents' house and we were watching hockey with my Dad. Out of the blue my Dad just came out and asked Eric if he would teach me to play the guitar. Yeah. My Dad can always be counted on to provide opportunities for embarrassment and humiliation. While I cringed in my chair and turned deeper and deeper shades of red, Eric actually got really excited about it. He asked me what kind of guitar I had and how long I had had it. He started planning my lessons right then and there.
Now I'm chilling in the hotel room before I get some dinner. Tomorrow I'm going to check out the beach (note from yesterday's beach observations: tattoos are not an improvement) and catch a show.
We watched Terminator 2: Judgment Day recently. My son had never seen it and I was interested to see how it held up after all these years. I'm not sure I've watched it all the way through since I went to see it at the cinema on its release in 1991.
But here’s the thing I’m not too sure if it’s just me right now, but after I take off this brand of nail polish it kind of looks like it’s stained my nails and turned them a little bit yellow, even with a base coat on. I really hope that’s not the case because I LOVE these colours but at the same time I don’t want stained nails.
From phony jealousy
“Forget Marijuana, Crack Cocaine and Heroin, Crepe addiction is no laughing matter.”
I think a lot of the folks who read this blog are writers. I don't know where I get that idea; it just popped into my head. I keep trying to focus the conversation on pro sports but you guys keep talking about books and stories instead. Well, if that's the way you're going to be, then fine. I can go with that. I'm not a difficult person. Okay, that's a lie. I am a difficult person, but I can talk about writing if you want. Really, I can. Here goes:
In the last month, newspapers and museum staff emphasized the links they see between “the old Chazen” and “the new Chazen,” as one docent described the buildings today. The bridge that connects the two buildings has become an icon. The Wisconsin State Journal called it a “bridg[e] of inspiration.” At today’s opening, the Chazen’s director Russell Panczenko characterized the bridge as a symbol of the Chazen’s connection to its own history and links to greater Madison.
Me: Well thank goodness you did.
How does a CEO explain merger and acquisition to a Labrador Retriever?
I love her enthusiasm towards life, and more specifically her heart for adventure and traveling.
The US military has strived to keep the pictures out of the public domain fearing it could inflame feelings at a time when anti-Americanism in Afghanistan is already running high.
His voice is too loud to sounds all over the floor in the store, which surprises all the customer there.
Beatrice, tell me about your grown unschoolers series, please, and about what's new on your site.
Now I’m a cereal person, when I do eat breakfast, but I know my way around the kitchen and I know that reading and pouring a bowl of cereal can be done.
Registration Process
On March 5 the PA House of Representatives held a budget hearing for PASSHE. House Appropriations Chair Bill Adolph also was supportive of the State System and suggested the House would try and reduce the cuts that the Governor had proposed.
My oldest and dearest friend, recently had a baby boy. When I saw him he was but three weeks old. He is a beautiful… and it was wonderful to be able to see my dear friends with their son and capture some of those very private tender moments.
TAN: picture booth?
I had Planned on visiting with her next week, over on the Penninsula, but the radiation is going to make her
(ii) Write merits and demerits of DM.
She’d closed her eyes whilst trying to relax herself, but they snapped open at the mention of her name.
Have You Seen Me Lately?
Sebelius also says that half of the children they tested in Kansas were "not ready" for Kindergarten.
ISBN-13: 978-0-9794208-8-7
It calls too for a compassionate approach to the eight million illegal immigrants already living in the EU.
It was so HOT one day, that we went to the Ogunquit Maine beach and hung out in bathing suits. I totally would have gone swimming if the water wasn't about 48 degrees.
Not a very catchy title, huh? Just short and to the point!
The creatures all waiting
I think in the first book my idea was that actually, under this hideous exterior, she's lovely and sweet, but when I went back to write the sequel I thought that someone who had been through what she has, and looks as she does, probably wouldn't be sweet and well-adjusted, so she goes further and further off the rails as the series progresses, though I hope she remains sympathetic, and even attractive in a Ripley-ish way (Tom Ripley, that is, not Ellen).
Adrien, who made green gazpacho with Spanish rice and a fried egg – Graham said it was one of the best things he’d had in a while. Gordon said it had a robust, gutsy wow factor, but the rice was almost over seasoned.
They are now without a faction headquarter as half the dauntless have become traitors and the other half has seeked refuge in another faction. They end up in Amity seeking refuge from the faction that believes in peace keeping and no involvement. Eventually, because they are Dauntless and cannot help it, they move on to another location because they are not completely welcomed. This is when they head to the Faction less territory where we meet Four's mother Evelyn.
Entrust your loved ones to me; release them into my protective care. They are much safer with Me than in your clinging hands. If you let a loved one become an idol in your heart, you endanger that one--as well as yourself. Remember the extreme measures I used with Abraham and Isaac. I took Isaac to the very point of death to free Abraham from son-worship. Both Abraham and Isaac suffered terribly because of the father's undisciplined emotions. I detest idolatry, even in the form of parental love.
If it rose so high
And, I'll take my husbands and mine to the nearest Goodwill.
The first thing it will do is get millions of young men off the streets and out of trouble
Col. Kilgore (Robert Duvall) is the commander of a squad of helicopters. Needing his help to getting past a Viet Cong position at the delta of the river he needs, Willard convinces Kilgore to attack only when he finds out a member of Willard’s boat crew was a professional surfer back in the states. Col. Kilgore is all about surfing, and the waves off of the position Willard needs taken are great for surfing. As Kilgore says when he makes up his mind to take the area, “Charlie don’t surf.” What other reason does he need?
5×7 set of 2011 Vintage Calendar Cards
Social capital is the number of people who can be expected to provide support and the resources those people have at their disposal. It is a means of production, that produces better
Just get me through the next four hours, mind, and we can spend the next week writing gibberish and frivolous stuff like stories about hipster aliens who are trying to take over the world.
Pukey. This one started up with gusto today. Queasy, then pukey, then pukier because I was puking. What a fun cycle that is!
1151. Taste of Wild Boar Shortribs & Fermented Black Garlic @ Bistro Roca (Blowing Rock, NC) 12:12 p.m.
THE MANOR ERRATA
If your child or your family chooses to participate in Screen Free Week this year remember that nothing is more important than your relationships with each other and that definitely includes turning off the TV because someone somewhere decided you should.
My brother and I were getting ready to drive to Kiln Mississippi to tour the Lazy Magnolia brewery. MapQuest pegged it at a two hour and forty-five minute drive, so we would have to guzzle our café noirs to make our agreed upon departure time.
She closed her eyes calling his name out loud,
“No Woman Born,” C. L. Moore, 1944 – The famous dancer Diedre is horribly burned in a theatre fire and her mind is transplanted into a golden robot. After much time spent recovering under the care of the physician who performed the surgery, she is visited by her former manager (and presumed lover). At first Diedre tries to “perform human,” specifically, femininity. She smokes a cigarette; she apes her old feminine charms, her laugh, her walk. At the same time, Diedre slowly reveals more and more information about her new powers to the two men (perhaps, a reverse strip-tease), causing them to become increasingly agitated.
She felt the restlessness–almost an anxiety–in her mother’s body: Her mother would look this way and that, up at the sky, then forward into the neverending rows. She felt her mother’s body tensing, as if at any moment she might sprint into the unknown and become lost. She fleetingly wondered if her mother would even set her down, then run into the eternal gold and blue. This frightened her more than anything, and she blurted out the one thing she knew her mother would not refuse:
We say sorry when we get people mad at us. We say sorry when people get into trouble because of us. We say sorry to someone who is experiencing an unpleasant event. However it is, the person we say sorry to is definitely not in a good mood. The last thing they need is a long apologetic speech. It's like pouring vinegar onto a wound.
Two buttons: One is my cool friend Amy who inspired me to get started and is my ever patient, always available, sounding board, good idea girl and blogging friend!
Nothing makes my heart pitter patter as much as that first glimpse of a red tinged peony shoot peeking up through the garden soil, or a bright green hydrangea leaf bud on an otherwise dead looking branch.
Take matters into your own hands and decide the presidency in the comfort of your own abode. Like a combination of two of my favorite games (Pacman and dysfunctional family bingo), this jeu presidentiel will keep you from fretting about anything substantial. Of course, if you want to do that, just watch CNN or Fox. But you knew that.
Each alone.
Imagine an optometric practice, where the receptionist doesn’t know a thing about customer service, the salesperson doesn’t know anything about the products he/she is selling, and the lab person doesn’t have a clue about adjusting eyeglasses. What a mess would that be?
Jesus, put up mirrors
So, electric showers already fall into the “water efficient” range, which is great for residents to know. However, at 7.5-10 kilowatts electric showers use electricity faster than any other electrical item in the home. One unit of electricity (one kilowatt hour) will power a 40 watt lightbulb for 24 hours. It would only power a 10 kW electric shower for 6 minutes. So, even with an electric shower, saving water through shorter showers will also save money.
Years ago, this little place was amazing, a tucked out the way place that was very quiet as it wasn’t that well known to tourists, unless you knew where to look. These days there’s a car park and cafe and has become somewhat commercialised. To me, a real pity.
There are no other buildings within a kilometre. It's just the chapel and the giant pin-oaks that surround it; still green because their time hasn't yet come – the time for their leaves to turn to gold, fall and rustle on the ground under children's boots.
Taking a Swiss position (a neutral stance that would not lead to him being hung drawn and quartered) he said,"Well all women are attractive at some point. It's just a question of how many years they can sustain that attractivenes. For some women their bloom lasts but an hour!"
Malema was a director in Ever Roaring until last June.
I have been using a very soft water profile for my pislners. The last two batches I brewed using 100% distilled water with minimal salt/mineral additions. For this batch I used 30% distilled water mixed with my already relatively soft tap water. In the mash I added a small amount of CaCl for calcium and 1ml of lactic acid to lower the mash pH.
what have been the toughest challenge/s for you? The ever challenging “work/life balance” and of course getting my name out there so people know what I do and where to find me.
I wonder too, about whether forgiveness means healing. People told me so. I don't know that I believe it. There's a release for certain. But some wounds are deep and forgiveness is simply letting go, it doesn't stop the scar from forming. Scars are a form of healing but there it is, with you for life. Different and raised up, something you don't erase.
Kam just shared this image with me, along with this press release about the release of the stamp:
The biggest problem in this kind of situation is
Some more of my "new" doilys! Btw, Norma T, if you are reading this, you're gonna LOVE it too and I bet you have these dies!!
- Royal Gala apples extra fancy grade $0.99/lb ($2.18/kg, Canada)
Maybe used to spray the crops,
Price: Free!
- Beat eggs slightly. Add butter, oil and sugar and beat until smooth.
bait.
these numbers just aren’t mine
"In the autumn some people can call up clearly in their mind's eye the vision of what a certain landscape looked like in the spring. It is natural for them to notice these things, and to make these comparisons or associations. When they are talking to people, they do not attend very particularly to the tones of the voice, and they are perhaps not particularly interested in what is being said, but they are watching and remembering and comparing what other people never notice at all, even in the faces of people that they love - the movement of the eyelids, the little tricks of the lips, the poise and movement of the head, and so on.
Image credit: The prudent investor
– Thin Mint, Peanut Butter Crème, and Caramel & Coconut (or Samoa, as they are known in in some parts of the country). Cookies make up most of the bars, with layers like coconut caramel crème and crunchy crispies filling in the rest.
So once I shut down, unplugged for a few weeks, voted in my Provincial election, and felt like I voted from my own voice instead of that of the media and friends.... I felt... better. Then a few more weeks have gone by, and my voice started to come back. It was strange not having her with me, and I'm glad she has come back (even if a little shaky and volitile)... we'll see how it goes. Anyway, something else funny that happened when I powered down, is I got to read. I didn't want to log into the internet or watch the media - and my brain naturally went to print.
Anyway, the other ladies did not like this, so they complained to their husbands. They exaggerated and the event and made their husbands very angry. Those rishis were driven by fate to believe their wives and they decided to go and have a word with Gautama.
Part eleven
Here is one final thought to contemplate. Suppose the two angelic visitors to Sodom were women. The townspeople pound down the door demanding to rape them. Suppose everything happened in just the same fashion and God destroys the city. Would Sodom’s destruction indicate that God forever condemns heterosexuality? Of course not. This story is not about loving sexual relationships. It is a story about brutality, violence, and attempted gang rape.
Wells said he is excited about the common ownership for several reasons.
There are lots of books that I read and loved while I was reading them—books I thought were flawless until I stepped away for a while and had others point out the problems. Ginny & Harry's relationship was told rather than developed, Gabriel in Wither wasn't a very well shown/individualized character, Edward is a pedophile(I had a very short but intense Twilight phase), and why the heck are they jumping on and off trains in Divergent? How does valuing bravery end up becoming stupid stunts like that? O_o
In the midst of that I called out, Is God enough? And my call was answered. Because He is enough. He is enough and He is faithful. Not in that, yes, yes, the Bible says He is faithful so it must be true kind of ways, but rather in a visceral I did not deserve His grace and the Lord chose to lift me from my pit of self loathing anyway kind of faithful.
There are blog posts floating around in my head waiting to be written and I have even started two which I hope to finish soon. Until then a quick snapshot of my favorite girls!
SEC. 54. The following described persons or their legal successors in right, occupying lands in the Philippines, or claiming to own any such land or interest therein but whose titles to such land have not been perfected may apply to the Court of Land Registration of the Philippine Islands for confirmation of their claims and the issuance of a certificate of title therefor to wit –
You see, it occurred to a few men and women that reality was not progressing to a greater society, that life wasn’t always as rational as those who came before them wanted to think. In fact, to them, life was absolutely absurd, and rationality and reason had failed to give purpose to reality. This reality was a great weight upon them, crushing their very souls, requiring a rejection of what many thought was true and a substitution of new truth, all of this through the efforts of the individual. They became suspicious of any blind faith to reason and rationality, and encouraged others to take leaps of faith and become ubermensches and be greater than what their beliefs had allowed them to be! What did we do in return?
Growing up, mum always encouraged us to do what we were passionate about and never judged us. She is a firm believer in the fact that we have to live our own lives and she can guide and provide support but will never try to own us which I will be forever grateful for. As a result, she has four kids that are all passionate contributors to the planet as we all love what we are doing and are happy.
“I realize how important it is to treat families and patients with respect and concern,” Meyer said. “I want patients and families to feel comfortable and know we will take the best possible care of them.”
I went and joined the Chamber of Commerce today! I'm official! And I'm going to their monthly Mix and Meet this evening. I'm hoping not only to network about this business, but also to eventually find someone who wants to open a laundromat with me. Wish me luck.
027.022 YUSUFALI: But the Hoopoe tarried not far: he (came up and) said: "I have compassed (territory) which thou hast not compassed, and I have come to thee from Saba with tidings true.
How does your ego rule you?
Why do you create?
Just a quick post to let you know that I am moving my blog, if you have this one saved, or subscribe to the RSS feed, please change to this site http://www.helenleathers.com/blog/ ?
Finally, the universe. It's everything...literally. Anything that exists, exists within our universe. We know there exist many, many billions of galaxies - each with many billions of stars - which stretch out across a cosmic web-like structure. Between these web-like filaments, each made of thousands of galaxies, are gigantic voids where little matter exists at all. The assumption is this void-and-filament structure came initially from microscopic density fluctuations just a few seconds after the Big Bang which has been ballooning outwards ever since.
"Hey Kate do you have any coke in your desk? I'm kind of thirsty?"
(Not reported in the media) Zimmerman also violated his CCW training that night. Most CCW courses tell you to stay in your vehicle if you are in a car.... and they also teach you to avoid being the aggressor/or instigator.
The stone is the key to this being so tasty, you can see from the photos that the pizza has a proper stone oven crust and man it was very very tasty.
An underclass has existed throughout history, which once endured appalling privation. Its spasmodic outbreaks of violence, especially in the early 19th century, frightened the ruling classes.
Purple on white
There is a saying, “Masada will not fall again.” This is something which I hold on to.
Swatched below L-R: Estee Lauder Double wear Light 01, Chanel Beige Clair, Rouge Bunny Rouge Luminous Skin Wand Orionis,YSL Touche Eclat shade 2,
With its Therasense decision, the CAFC effectively elevated the fact patterns of older Supreme Court cases to the status of the controlling test for inequitable conduct of any and all types, in disregard of the Supreme Court's most recent statements to the contrary in Precision Instruments. The Therasense ruling would permit ‘working-around’ the uncompromising standard of fully candid disclosure to the Patent Office that was established in Precision Instruments. If the Therasense ruling remains in place, district courts will be impeded from their duty to detect and deter misleading statements to the USPTO.
By the time I arrive at the restaurant the other three are already there and seated. When you walk into this restaurant there is a bar area with some tables along the wall. You walk through this area to get to the main dining area in the back. My party is seated in the frontmost table in the main dining area in the center of the room. In other words, everyone can see our table.
For more inspiration, make sure to check out Friday's Fancies for a little dream getaway. We are hoping to plan ourselves a little vacay this spring for our anniversary, even if it is just a little further South!
I didn’t want to give up, so I caught the fastest train, also here nearly missing the one and only train that would make me catch up with the bus before it enters the shuttle that goes to the continent through the Channel Tunnel. I made it and am also probably one of the few who have ever shuffled in a train under the sea.
My calm question, was answered
What perhaps misses most are fresh vegetables. However, little niceties are generally only a postage stamp away.
These may be of interest; I do not necessarily agree with opinions expressed in them, although the reasoning and writing are almost always first-rate (and represent a standard seldom, if ever, achieved in "mainstream" journalism). I'm picky, and have eclectic tastes, so don't expect a comprehensive listing.
There is a lot of negativity in this house. I do my best to be positive but it is always negated by ‘shhhh, you know who’.
“Because I…” He hesitated, trying to come up with something that would sound believable. “I have a column due in the morning and I haven’t even started on it yet.” She knew all about deadlines, so she would understand that. Besides, he did have a column to write, it just wasn’t due until next week. “Rain check?”
will I make a lasting print,
The blabbering mother of Cambria
14. Secret Lover
Setting: Grant County, Georgia
Not that women aliens dominating men from frame one to frame last would have made Queen Of Outer Space any better. For one thing, I doubt Zsa Zsa Gabor could have dominated anything more than a traffic cop.
*we talked about our lives now
“No, i never like her. The one that i love is… you Sooyoung-ah.” Said Jonghyun to Sooyoung while he’s holding Sooyoung’s hand.
It was weird. I’ve never actually had a dream like this… and certainly not one where it continued off of the other dream.
Oh my.
Not counting the 3 I bought from Barnes & Noble in the dealer room:
To me, Puppa was larger than life – he wore Brut cologne, farmed his entire working life, fished and hunted like a “real man” in the Midwest would, and ate headcheese and liverwurst (ewww). My memory is flooded with treasures from my childhood; this is the man who taught me how to bait a fish hook (and get a fish off the hook, once caught), climb up on a tractor to ride beside him, play cribbage, and to open a glass bottle of Sun-Drop with a bottle opener. I could go on and on – like any good granddaughter – but I’ll keep those memories as seeds to plant for the Mini’s, or if nothing else, for a day when I’m a little more awake, and it’s a little earlier. Memories that they may lose (or have never experienced) like how Puppa always had a teeny Tupperware container in his shirt pocket for them, with just two jelly beans or marshmallows in for them, or how on birthdays, he had a special card just for the birthday kid with exactly the number of crumpled dollar bills as years old you were turning, the envelope and card addressed in his loopy writing… his love of Diet Sun-Drop – but *only* in the old glass bottles, not in cans, and not in the ‘new’ glass bottles. And the dimes – always the dimes…
TAAAADAAAAA
Hope you haven't already fallen asleep with boredom and will bear with me as I tackle this new project. By-the-way, did I tell you that I'm technologically challenged? Well, yes I am, but I can learn! Hope you enjoy.
a "Cake Person's" fantasy land of inspirational works,
Two types of leaves exist on a lot of trees, not all, but enough to frustrate you if you’re using google to look up pictures of leaves and the same species comes up with several different looking leaves. Now, do not confuse this a picture of what someone claims to be a sugar maple with seven points vs. another picture of one with three points. The only major differences in the leaves are thickness of the leaf and how wide or narrow the curves are between the points.
If we think about it, if it was a male classic author that I had read first, would it be different? I wish I could love Dumas like other people do but to no avail. Why can’t D’Artanon be more like Mr. Rochester, Heathcliff or Mr. Darcy, because then I could understand him.
Mama says she's worried
No more death sting no more suffering
Oh isn't it a shame to go
Beyan invites Ben to a football field and does some baton twiriling, which was cute in Sonoma, but now started freaking me out a little because to War Horse’s credit, I kind of get the horse obsession because at least they are living beings and any time they race you are allowed to wear stupid huge hats and drink bourbon until the stupid huge hats actually look sexy on girls. I mean, bringing back the baton? Band camp.
Total Avg: 3.40 Mugs
shoo away the clouds
Challenge 19: September 9
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black. Ranger Distress Ink in Frayed Burlap. Clear Embossing Ink
For another, as time goes on, friendship and companionship is something we crave in a partner as much as chemistry. Someone you saw as only a friend at one point in your life might become something more as both of you grow and change over the years. It obviously isn’t going to happen with everyone in the FZ, but you never know what life brings. It may never happen, but you still have got a great friend out of the deal.
My constant chant throughout this entire process has been 'This needs to be done.' And while smashing through all of that teal tile felt really good- I must say I was a little surprised to see exactly how much work this demo was going to be.
the rooftops
This letter, written before Lee’s passing on July 1, was also posted on the site by David Fritz, president of cruises:
to all and think, I’ve done right,
I had fun this month, that's for sure, I just wasn't all that productive in crossing things off my list. You know what I was productive about though? Reading everything there is to know about the African continent, writing papers about sex trafficking and all things grad school. I always make sarcastic comments about how uplifting my graduate program is but truth be told, I love learning about all of this stuff. I feed off it. You can ask my poor boyfriend how many times we've been out to dinner and I start going off about human rights violations in Sudan and the fact that World Cup soccer brings along with it a huge increase in the sex trade (which is the current topic of the paper I'm writing). I love this stuff. I love sitting down with these issues and striving to find a way to bring about change. I could not have chosen a better topic for my Master's.
How did it become normal, or for that matter even acceptable, to refer to medical patients as “consumers”? The relationship between patient and doctor used to be considered something special, almost sacred. Now politicians and supposed reformers talk about the act of receiving care as if it were no different from a commercial transaction, like buying a car — and their only complaint is that it isn’t commercial enough.What has gone wrong with us?
It was during this period of optimism that we joined friends on a sunny, Sunday afternoon for drinks and food in a beautiful garden. I was with a group of people I felt at ease with. Some of these friends knew how bad I had been. Others simply knew I hadn’t been right. But in the warmth of that garden all seemed well. My world that day did appear to be rose tinted.
Hi Friend,
I cut out the image and layered it using one of my labels nestabilities, the celery background was embossed with the CB circles folder. I coloured in the image to sort of match my patterned paper (an MME (I think) scrap from loooooooong ago). I'm not thrilled with the colouring under the feet, it looks kinda blotchy...but I don't think a 5 year old will really care anyway!!
All that useable, enjoyable performance combined with practicality. There are a demanding bunch. Merely having top line safety and reliability isn't enough. On top of this kind, a smoother and more economical. As a result, theyre an increasingly popular choice for supermini buyers especially those who have deeper pockets than most.
19. Take It Easy
be our safeguard against the wickedness
To protect the Palace were used American special forces, which came into violent collision with the leaders of the coup.
The decision brought on an early slew of applications from local atheists, who apparently were so offended by the presence of a manger scene that they felt compelled to submit more tasteful displays – such as a crucified skeleton dressed as Santa Claus, and a sign depicting Jesus flanked by Santa and the Easter Bunny, referring to all of them as myths. Take that, kiddies!
RIP to all the victims of that day.
Background on this post: This is just a hypothesis, based upon some scientific research I have read. I first wrote this as a “note essay” back when I still had my LDS Anarchist account on Facebook. I decided not to publish it here because of its more scientific nature, but I have now changed my mind. So, here it is, in a slightly modified and updated form.
At a university, the power of free thought, and engaging it through scholarship and learning, faith and experience, is so central that I can say with confidence that institutions neglecting it do not fulfill their mission to their students.
It's probably best to just risk the odd suicide-bombing and be done with it. After all, if Lord Ahmed lost his place on the multicultural gravy train, who'd employ him? An ex-convict of 51 years old - maybe it's time for some new anti-discrimination legislation?
One of those Robber Barons was Jay Cooke, of the Northern Pacific Railway. Railroads were the high tech of the day, unbelievably hungry for capital. Leveraged to the hilt, the company failed to get loan guarantees for $300 Million from the US Government (worth perhaps $30 Billion today), and collapsed. The collapse took down other Railroad companies, and then spread in a chain reaction that threw the United States into the longest Depression in its history.
my oldest son to Afghanistan; my youngest son to a serious girlfriend and the big world -he’s graduated from high school and he’ll leave my sweet, happy nest with just me in it; my marriage to a man who confounded me with criticism and untruths for more than 16 years; my job as a teacher and with it what I thought was a good reputation; my only daughter to a marriage of her own; the house we live in to the unknown; and my entire future to God’s keeping and direction.
Veggie Steamer
Bottom left ... 'Blackberry Jack' and 'Francois Verheart'.
Caramel Apple: 3
My dependence on entertainment came to a forefront today.
Polyunsaturated fats are helpful in their own right, but a subset of polys, called omega-3 fatty acids, are amazing multi-taskers, simultaneously combating several heart disease risk factors.
so My husband and me decided not to go and finally we went to a downtown of my area :)
Connery’s second outing remains one of the best Bonds going, featuring an intelligent and well thought out plot about a SPECTRE plan to steal a Russian decoding device, all the while playing the Brits and Russians off against each other. It features excellent performances all round, with Connery at his early 60s best, the near silent Robert Shaw as the menacing assassin and of course, Lotte Lenya as the unforgettable Rosa Klebb. To some, this is the quintessential Bond, retaining the gritty realism of Dr. No but also introducing several staples such as the opening sequence, Robert Llewelyn, Blofeld, and helicopter chases. The plot makes sense, the gadgetry is appropriate, the characters are fleshed out and the action is realistic, while Connery is as suave as ever. The only slight complaint I have is the occasional slow pacing, particularly on the train, and the Gypsy scenes were somewhat out of left field, which is why it just gets pipped to the post…
¾pint custard
But what about the online patterns?
42. Laughed until something u were drinking came out ur nose? - Of course. I laugh a lot, and unfortunately I get what can only be described as a laughing attack. It's actually painful. Something strikes me as uproariously funny and it's like I'm having a seizure. I totally can't breathe (it activates my asthma.) My husband always goes on emergency alert when I'm laughing like that.
This is what I am planning this year but I may change my mind depending on what you share. I can't wait to see your gift ideas!
Second, science and modern philosophy are both descended from a single discipline – ancient philosophy. The split likely happened for the same reason any other discipline has ever split: the body of knowledge becomes large enough and range of research questions clustered enough. Science was interested in questions of what existed empirically, and philosophy was interested in how thinking worked. One discipline turned inward; the other turned outward. Yin and yang; only the two together can yield a truly complete understanding of the universe.
With respect to nurse managers and the hiring process, it would seem that the appropriate questions were not asked and little to no verification of experience was made when the aforementioned circumstances occur. We all know that anyone can fabricate a resume that looks impressive. The most difficult item in the hiring process is to really be able to tease out what a prospective employee has for experience. Reference checks offer some level of comfort for the nurse manager during the hiring process but in many instances a reference check with a previous employer can be misleading and void of the real substance a hiring manager needs to make an informed decision. Some organizations when hiring new employees will place a newly hired person in a probationary status for a number weeks to make sure that they acclimate to the organization. During that initial timeframe the employer would be evaluating the employee to make sure they fit in well. Most hospitals that I have been in do not have such a probationary period which allows an organization to redact a job offer for employees that are felt to be unworthy of employment. Another option for nurse managers during the hiring process is to use scenarios for their prospective employees to see how they would react given a clinical situation. Clearly this is a little stressful for the employee, but for an experienced nurse in any department they should be able to walk through a clinical scenario fairly well so that the nurse manager has an increased level of comfort when it comes to the new nurses skills and their ability to function.
“…no one ever hated their own body, but they feed and care for their body, just as Christ does the church— for we are members of his body. “For this reason a man will leave his father and mother and be united to his wife, and the two will become one flesh.” This is a profound mystery—but I am talking about Christ and the church.” Ephesians 5:29-32
This requirement means there must be a direct connection between the injury and the desire or attempt to further the employer’s business. If the employer benefits in some way, whether monetarily or otherwise, from the employee’s activity, then the claim meets this qualification.
I recently picked up a collection of dance vinyl from a collector and in it was this Russian text cover of Sigue Sigue Sputnik's Love Missile. As that track has seen a fair amount of coverage, I thought I would post the track on the B side that I've heard less of. All around I like their sound a lot. But that would make sense cause this was produced by Giorgio Morodor, who I love.
It's a mix of moisturizing creme and foundation. It should moisturize your skin, protect it from UV rays, make your skin appear more radiant and uniform and cover light imperfections. Sounds great, huh?
Emily Wiffen joined the East Dulwich Writers' Group in September 2009. Very early on, she demonstrated her commitment to the group and to her own writing. The first time I met her was when she came to help sell the group's first anthology at our occasional stall in Northcross Road. It was hard enough to persuade people who had their work in the book to come and shiver in the cold. I didn't know it at the time, but it was typical of Emily that she should volunteer for this far from glamourous task.
The City waited. For the fifteen year old boy who had yet not seen any of its glory – and for everyone else who sought it out.
bolt and nut.
that are 144 characters, or less.
Hungry Like the Wolf / Rio – Woah. Not even Matt Bomer sashaying could save this one.
this was first introduced by my colleague, C, when we had a popiah party in the office for J's farewell! Since its a popiah party, of course we had to had popiah and kueh pie tees... Wanting to provide more varieties, C suggested preparing some smoked duck which we can wrap with popiah skin...
Today, I'm here to tell you about the third book on the "Blog Book Tour", and an absolutely FABULOUS giveaway that I am sharing with you only because there are two to give away....so after I win one, there will still be one left for one of you!
The wave of the future, perhaps?!
It is also evident that I very seldom buy any new clothes, either!
Woodworth says his private motion is part of an effort to look at the question of how we decide what a human being is. He believes life begins at conception, and M-312 appears to be a jab at the malleable definition of life. Opposition members believe that by allowing Woodworth to bring this private members bill forward, he is opening the back door to pro-life supporters to voice their arguments. They fear the “abortion debate” will be re-opened.
I often tell my young audiences 'I have the best job in the world'
Apparently, according to my mother, in my teens I used to gallivant around the town. ‘Up to
Your Angels Boston and Americus
for we must ask, that is
This kids are quite happy here and so are we. After two tumultuous years, it's nice to finally feel settled. I have a good group of friends, the kids are quite content and happy, my job is going gang busters (just got promoted to SVP), and Fen is happy with his job. We're in a good place.
Maybe I could give myself a break from trying for perfection and start sewing “wearable muslins.” After all, it’s only after wearing a garment that you can tell what fine-tuning is needed to get the pattern just right. Does this sound like a viable plan? I think it might. How about you? Is perfectionism keeping you from finishing anything? Let’s try giving ourselves permission to finish some garments that fit well, if not perfectly. Let’s try getting stuff finished and see how it feels.
iii) They can now flirt and communicate with girls… According to statistics, 8 out of 10 girls are crazy about this dude named Cullen now..
I used to be Falling Fruits. Now I am Ink Flower!
For the record I thought maybe I could handle a mini-blizzard which has about 45g of carbs. Nope. Even after a walk my blood sugar was elevated.
Fadiah added: “Same with Najib. If he receives a subpoena and does not answer it, the court may be unable to take action. He might be placed on a suspect list. If he sets foot in France, they can take action against him.”
Thank you all, once again, for visiting and for the love!
Once her eyes were finished, it was time to get started on Jade’s base. I used a new purchase on Jade’s cheeks, an Illamasqua blusher in a bright coral colour, and it looked stunning. The blusher is highly pigmented and I only needed to dust her with a small amount for a real colour pop. Then, I used a creamy highlighter along her cheekbones to give myself an outline, and topped this up with the bright yellow Lime Crime pigment to give her contouring an extra pop. This, to me, was what really made the makeup feel asian inspired.
In the meantime, while I am recovering, I would like to direct your attention to a tumblr Lisa got me addicted to. It's called Hey Girl! and it combines the best teachery jargon with amazing man candy! Any teacher should make this a daily read and laugh! I promise, you won't regret it.
The Ship They Couldn’t Sink, originally Commando No 7 (September 1961), re-issued as No 2571 (June 1992)
I would like to thank all of you for giving me so much love and encouragement this year! Thank You from the bottom of my heart! 2011 is promising to be a very busy year for me on the personal front but I am hoping to regularize crafting too.
A scream in an empty store can pierce your eardrum. This was the banshee screech from a woman who ran up the stairs at Century 21. “A plane hit the World Trade Center,” I was told by a clerk who just shrugged. I left immediately, looking up just once from St. Paul's cemetery as I made quick passage to my office building.
The next day was Saturday/Pageant day! I had a State Director's meeting Saturday morning so the boys explored the hotel for a few hours. After that we met the rest of the MN crew in Florida for a quick lunch. We only had a few hours between lunch and show time so we headed to the pool to cool off and tried to let Cooper nap. About the napping....
ALL the DD bras I've looked at for the last couple of years have been PADDED. Now while this may be highly desirable if you have smaller boobs, I don't know one single DD+ lady who is looking for MORE. The only way to get an unpadded bra is to order on-line (expensive) or go to a specialist shop (also expensive)
Set a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Put the butter in the bowl, top with chopped chocolates and stir occasionally until the ingredients are just melted - you don't want then to get so hot that the butter separates. Remove the bowl from the pan of water.
Daniel: “Maybe my mom was right about you. Maybe Tyler was too.”
"My Girl" is about the girl maya meets at a party, gets drunk with her.. and well, yeah, you know.
At their return, up the high strand,
I wouldn’t want to do anything more than something bacon-themed BEFORE the wedding or maybe having a bacon dish at the wedding. I’m really more stoked about what I want to do for the theme. But it’s mostly secrets right now.
Their relationships are usually disaster-ridden.
I pay post what each participant ended up with this weekend or on Monday, but what I have available for sale and trade will go on Blowout and/or eBay again, and I'll make sure everyone gets a crack at something they want.
Alexandre Antonio Tombini, who was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a banking conference in Mumbai, said economic growth would be close 3 percent in 2011.
Silence is a sound all its own,
That is what I am working on. Trusting and surrendering to his decisions for me. I find it so easy to suggest the way God should do it … then wonder why he has gone quiet. I think I still have a long way to go.
It's fair to say that even the most ostensibly realist poem is aware of itself as ultimately failing to live up to the actual experience, or the emotion, that begins it. Language always fails to describe a sunset; or an experience in exactly the way you wish it to. The non-mainstream poet is intensely aware of that fact, highlights that failure, makes it a feature of the poem.
7′ MONITOR W/ DVD PLAYER IN BUILT IN CAR HEADREST BLACK, GREY & TAN (1 PAIR)
This is a large (A4 size) paperback, beautifully produced, written by three scientists.
4)The pride and humiliation. “When words are many, sins is not absent” (Proverbs 19:10)
And if I were ever under you
Women (and men) will march and rally today in state capitals and major U.S. cities against the recent attacks on women and in defense of women’s rights.
I hope everyone has a great holiday!
A man in the United States popped out to his local petrol station to buy a pack of cigarettes - only to find out his card was charged more then $23 quadrillion (£14 quadrillion) - many times the US national debt.
Sports Bras
“If you’re that worried about helping Howard, why don’t you phone one of the people who’re helping him?” Ellen suggested. “They can tell you better than anyone what’s going on.”
Why write out what the reader knows?
I’m gonna miss you Nick!! (So will Charli Roo!) But may God keep his hands on you and help you with a speedy recovery! YOU GOT THIS!!
Figure 1: Median Compensation of CEOs and Other Top Officers from 1936 to 2005, in 2000 dollars.
* exhaustion
As you progress farther along in your pregnancy, it will become easier to determine your baby’s position inside the womb.
After watching Anderson Cooper on an iphone:
Forever and a Day.
When do your pieces begin for you? With an image? A sentence? A concept? Or do you just sit down with your pencil and start to write. I think this is stemming from a knee-jerk assumption that a piece of flash fiction may not require the same amount of planning as a longer piece might. Is this correct?
The teenagers of Keflavik became the teen-idols of Iceland eclipsing later bands formed in the city of Reykjavik and elsewhere. Most of these teenagers are still going strong 40 years later and have been a dominating force on the scene the whole time. The combination of the connection with England through shipping and the close contact with American influences were the seeds that started the modern evolution of youth music in Iceland.
earn 2x $5 +ups
Surface thermal observations however, did not indicate significant change in the thermal and steam manifestations of the Main Crater Lake area.
That way, while you're doing that I'll try to figure out how to start taking donations and reservations for the 2012 Conference. Let's start making those travel plans! I can't wait to meet all of you!
“I’m almost 30; work closely with someone who is in her 50s. She is truly the picture of someone who is not comfortable with technology, does everything the ‘old’ way and questions whippersnappers like me who do things the way we young people do. She also cannot multi-task and often refuses to do so.”
According to a staff report, the cemetery owes City Hall approximately $4.5 million, and expects to run up another $1.1 million to get it through the 2015-16 fiscal year.
STEPH: As a writer, where do you draw inspiration from?
From a business point of view what Brewdog have achieved in just 3 short years is staggering & unprecedented for a small brewery, surely they at least deserve some credit for this alone.
That strengthens the bond they share.
There are few indications of movement on the issue, however. Greece is in the midst of a financial crisis, hoping to avoid becoming the first member nation of the European economic zone to default.
Well, I have been doing all this spiritual growth, and discovering Healing, and learning better how to be with people. Healing is so challenging for me, the thing which I cannot explain or rationalise but which feels right: I feel heat from healers, and people feel heat from me. And this emotional block I have against trusting myself- it is melting away like a bar of soap rubbed under a tap. And- I am frightened.
This new idea got a boost when we decided to just get on a record it in a rough and ready way (16 track machine, home studio, several songs at a time) in a very limited time frame. Bingo! The momentum was back.
It was only this two items, but the shipping was free and I just needed this big-bow-highwaisted belt, because I fell in love with them when they were in H&M but I didn't make it to buy any so I just couldn't resist.
Every year it amazes me how quickly everything grows under the midnight sun. I can notice the difference with my naked eye just by looking at plants in the morning and later at the same plants in the afternoon.
Yours stand out so grand.
The Stingers - Give Me Power
Reading (book variety): "The Less Noble Sex" by Nancy Tuana for my exam tomorrow. If you're interested in the origins of female oppression (I'm talking biblical and Aristotalian arguments), get this book!
People are often unreasonable, irrational, and self-centered. Forgive them anyway.
Why is this?
Queensland, paras 40-41:
Dear Mr Prograf,
thanks to all y'all for all the good wishes! xoxoxo
You're an idiot because I certainly don't spend one split second thinking or caring about you, what you do, or what you think of me.
This soup is a must try!!! I hope that it can bring you some comfort on a cold and chilly night where ever you may live.
Oddly, some of the best shots I got were on one of the most recent trips, to the oppidum of Ensérune, which not only resulted in the blog post that was possibly the most fun to write of all of them this year, but some really nice photos. Part of it was because besides its hilltop location, it was near a weird 13th century engineering project which looks like a UFO landing-site. In the annals of almost-great photos, this circle of light hit the circle in the valley moments before the shutter clicked, but the wind had driven it on by the time the picture got taken. Still a pretty nice shot.
"Obama's an a**hole, "Johnston says ... adding, "Unless you're interested in never having any money and being socialized."
The first half was mostly characterised by nervousness and few clear chances were made before the goal on half-time. United only needed to avoid defeat and looked set up to play on the counter-attack. That being said they weren’t completely negative and pressed City high up the pitch. Whenever City passed the first wave of defence, United defended the edge of their box fairly well and opted to cut off the angles for passes into the feet of City’s forwards rather than engage them directly. That said, City still managed to make passes into United’s penalty area and Samir Nasri was particularly good at finding space and passes in the first half. The ploy worked fairly well but the narrow and compact centre left their flanks exposed at times with City exploiting the left-back zone especially.
The travel allowance is contingent upon the Postdoctoral Fellow’s completion of his/her initial one-year contract. In the event that the appointee does not fulfill the initial one-year contract, the appointee shall be liable to refund the University a proportionate amount of the travel assistance granted to him/her and his/her dependents on appointment.
The God is reborn today, and the days will lengthen with his growth, into the fullness of Summer. In some villages, way back in the past, hearth fires would be extinguished (a brave thing when you didn't have Zippos or matches or even two sticks to rub together). They would be relit from brands taken from a community balefire, lit by the sun himself with a little help from some glass (or a hidden coal or two - c'mon, we weren't above a little showmanship, back then), thereby bringing the sun (and, one hoped, his blessings) into the home. It also kept the community united, because everyone shared the same fire, the same light and heat. Cool, huh? Gotta love a religion that encourages playing with fire. Ahem.
Dear Mike,
Son: Tim Weston
Set in Vienna, our film follows Johann Strauss, Sr. leaving another concert event, after discovering his son Johann Strauss, Jr. (nicked named Schani) has been moonlighting as a violinist. Coming home, the elder Strauss reprimands his son for not studying law and instead going after a musical career. The scene seems like a echoing of James Dean’s Rebel without a Cause confrontation with his father, with Heir Strauss lamenting how now his 20 year old son can so blatantly disobey him. However this is over quickly, after the elder Strauss smashes his son’s violin. His father becomes a sort of villain for the first half of act one, something that isn’t quite clear. His father claims that Schani will hate a career in music, making it sound as if it was a painful horrid thing.
Miracle: A beneficial event brought about by divine intervention, such as finding lost keys or surviving a handcart expedition despite the poor judgment and planning of leaders. Miracles occur because of the faith of the recipient, unless the miracle isn’t granted, in which case it is God’s will.
I recently got to try some Farm Rich Mozzarella Bites. Farm Rich offers a wide selection of easy to make snacks and I received a coupon to try one of their products for free! I picked the Mozzarella Bites because I love cheese sticks! Let me say that these bites did not disappoint!
As for Elvis books to avoid, there’s actually a lot of them. Many Elvis books do little to advance any understanding or analysis of Elvis.
4. Bobby Conn "King for a Day" 3:53
I tried to cry it out. I tried to sleep it away. I tried to drink it away. Nothing worked. Finally I realized I had to take another risk and pick myself up. The mere one sentence transition doesn’t do enough justice to the difficulty of taking this risk. How far would you go to fix your broken life and ultimately, your broken soul? I had to find out.
display of honesty, an abrupt show of hands.
I ordered the yellow curry with chicken, Thai pumpkin and other veggies, and requested a heat level between mild and medium. The seasonings were done to perfection, and its not often that I spoon the sauce directly into my mouth like a soup! This was superb! And the brown rice did not require an extra charge.
My book covers are framed on the wall near my desk, and a "turntable" taboret holds supplies, and a blackboard and cork for the IdeaBoard I pin up for each novel with photos of my characters, setting, and other items to inspire me as I write.
Todate, why is there still no criticism by Pakatan legislators against the action of physical intimation by the protestor? If they do not accept heckling from the audience, why did Pakatan leaders in attendance not address the crowds advising them to be rational and behave calmly?
Targeting painters? Any rainy day is a great time to catch a painter!
I had a look today as usual to see what was "on the cards", I like a sketch it gives me somewhere to start, and this is a great sketch. As I had just finished a Valentine's card order I decided I was still in the mood for lurve,( better not tell the hubby! "laughing")
Inside, the mash tun and copper look a little lost in a corner of a hall given over mostly to huge conditioning tanks. The mash tun is attached to an ingenious device comprising a screw within a pipe, sort of like a Steel’s masher in reverse, which (I assume) propels the draff up the pipe and out of the window into the waiting bin.
First of all, during the church ceremony, we are going to be doing two things specific to the way weddings are celebrated in Mexico (And Spain, and other Latin American countries). First is Las Arras, a little box of 13 gold or silver coins to be blessed by the priest and then given to the couple. J’s parents told me about this when we first got engaged and said it was for good luck and prosperity. I’m certainly not averse to either of those things and I love the little chest of coins that they found in Mexico for us. It’s like this one but in gold.The other church ritual is the Lazo, or wedding cord. It is basically a white satin rope lasoo-ed around the couple’s necks to symbolise lifetime unity and marital protection. I could only find a cheesy photo. Ours is sans flowers.
So let us love, dear love, like as we ought;
3 chicken breasts (cooked)
Do we need Codecs ?
we are all so proud of you.
VO: The crowd is awesome, everyone is having a wonderful time and it's a candy colored kaleidoscope of fun with my friends.
Pelt is also a bit of an oddity in drone music in that they were one of few
5. In Greek poetry, the lily stood for tenderness, and there is a Greek myth that tells us how the lily was born from the milk of the goddess Hera.
Stay away from tourist traps – As in any popular destination, everything from food to souvenirs cost more the closer you are to the main attractions. By setting a firm resolution not to be tempted by the obvious bait, you’ll find your spending money will stretch much further.
Ne pyeoneuro modu da deungeul dollyeodo
This recipe is jam-packed with some excellent veggie dosage: artichokes, sugar snap peas, and carrots. Aren't the colors just beautiful? The taste was so fresh and light. The sauce wasn't overbearing, and allowed the veggies to speak for the dish. I couldn't find prosciutto at my local supermarket, so I settled for some premium ham steaks (for a great price, too). I loved the ham, but I think next time I'll make the extra trip to the "fancy-rich-people-food" place to pick up some prosciutto. I think it would have added some delicious saltiness to the overall flavor of the dish.
Another favorite was Bistro LQ - which offered up two exquisite dishes - the tenderest, addictively-flavored Braised Ox Cheek on Grits, and Wild Hare Terrine with pickled huckleberries (I think they ran out of stuffed duck neck which was to accompany the dish, at that point?) Again my inner glutton overtook the blogger - suffice it to say I would have eaten these all day if I could!
These last few days have been confusing. These last few days have been the first time I have been told to stop lighting the spark within one of my students, the first time an outside influence has told me to give up on a kid. I don’t understand how those who profess to love their kids can simply use them in games, be abusive towards them, or be indifferent about them. I don’t understand how the best interests of kids can be, at times, so easily ignored.
This one verse offers God the opportunity to "dig out" the deep roots of our thoughts, sets us on a pathway of healing from the past, and reminds us to look to Him for our future. And if you're like me--struggling with those pesky memories or wishes that never seem to give you peace--try praying this prayer yourself. God is faithful. He can lead and guide you in all areas--even your thought life.
The editorial continues:
Krishna married 16,108 women. However the huge majority of these (16,100) were married to him all at once after he rescued them from their kidnapping into a harem. This leaves eight primary wives.
It's week 10 of my little Waste Not Wednesdays challenge, to get us all using up those neglected stamps and stash. If you'd like to join in, just use something uninked or unused, or you could use paper scraps or those flowers you've got tucked away in a box - anything you like that needs using :o)
and God is not using you the way you
I have some old outfits to show you, I have also changed my make up a bit thanks to some girls' tips, now it looks much better!
2007 saw the sacking, for one reason or another, of key members who questioned Head Office or the leadership on its financial irregularities, poor judgements on national campaigns and faux pas to the media. Also the accounts were being submitted late to the Electoral Commission. The bigger the Party became, the more Head Office tightened its control. Yes-men were continuing to be appointed at the expense of those with ability. Councillors, especially sole councillors were becoming despondent. It was more and more difficult to keep up the momentum, given that the grass roots were being starved of resources. And there was still no Party back-up provided to councillors. Councillors started resigning due to the pressure and lack of support.
Not seeing Logan in traction on a gourney did wonders for my state of mind.
when a Christian was sentenced to be killed in some terrible way, they literally thanked their executioners.
With the 'Smallville: The Complete Series' DVD, fans will be able to relive all of Clark Kent's romantic encounters, from start to finish! With an Exclusive Daily Planet newspaper written by DC Comics that highlights the important storylines developed during the 10-year run of the show, the Smallville Complete Series is a must-have for all Smallville fans! * http://amzn.to/if4Uxa * Includes 62 discs, never before seen production art and behind the scenes photos from the set!
For example, that is the only reason why his Justice Department is challenging the Arizona immigration law.The law allows police to check the immigration status of someone stopped for other reasons. Verrilli claimed that constitutes an intrusion on the federal monopoly on immigration enforcement. He was pummeled. Why shouldn’t a state help the federal government enforce the law? “You can see it’s not selling very well,” said Justice Sonia Sotomayor.
But when Mr. Paul dropped out of the national race in June 2008, Mr. Witt did not stop, because, in a sense, neither did Mr. Paul: Mr. Witt and many other supporters here joined the Iowa branch of an independent political group Mr. Paul established after the race. They carried on his libertarian message, and picked local organizers. And when Mr. Paul announced that he was running for president this year, Mr. Witt and others jumped back onto his campaign, a force more motivated and efficient than before.
"The pendant above the table is the first light I ever bought. It shocked us how much pendant drum shades are. To save some money we bought the pieces to make this pendant from two different shops on Etsy. We ordered an 18 inch wide, 9 inch tall drum shade for $70 and a three light pendant fixture for $110. Unfortunately, both the shops that made these are no longer in business.
This weekend we’re planning on strolling through Niagara-on-the-Lake, visiting the beach, and planning our trip to Greece! Whatever your plans are, I hope that this weekend is a good one for you!
If the SNP don't win an outright majority by a massive landslide it is a personal disaster for Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon.
what my legs must have looked like when my first-ever boyfriend told me I had pretty legs
We are not allowed to dismiss the revelations of God for Beth Yeshua. They are not just cute slogans and ideas.
I feel safe.
I have really enjoyed posting this month on the theme The Making and Selling of Books, because I am so passionate about the topic.
Overall the best book in this series, absolutely stellar. If you liked the first few books in this series you'll love this one. Tons of action, building tension between the shifters and vamps, and lots of Ethan-Merit moments. This was a super engaging and fun read. Highly recommended to fans of urban fantasy. Reminds a bit of the Night Huntress series; so if you like that series I think you will love this one as well.
For two cold hours they stand waiting in the snow for Tsar Nicholas to appear and receive their petition. A shot rings out, and they stamp their feet. Another, and they laugh that it must be blanks. A third, and suddenly women and children slump lifeless int eh snow. Still they assure themselves that this must be a mistake, for the Tsar would not shoot down unarmed civilians. But now the gendarmes are galloping in the crowd, and the slaughter has begun. The shooting continues all day long. The dead are counted in the hundreds, the wounded in the thousands, their blood spilt on the Schlusselberg Highway, the Troitsky Bridge and the Nevsky Gates. But the police cart away the bodies so quickly that it is impossible to know the full toll.
That unified patent court: the case against bifurcation. If you have been thinking that everything has gone quiet and that no-one cares about the proposed unified patent litigation system and the bifurcation of dispute resolution -- hearing infringement issues in one court and validity in another -- think again. Here's a paper by Nokia's head of litigation Richard Vary which seeks to demonstrate that bifurcation is not just bad for the Brits, it's bad for all European industry. This paper, delivered last week to the UK's Intellectual Property Office, can be read here. Among other things it contains reference to the famous Angora cat which readers of this weblog will recall encountering here and here.
He was asked if, during the search, it was true that “3000 telephone numbers, 30 audio tapes and 100 PIN codes” had been unearthed.
What I liked most about this book is that the author is from my homestate of Massachusetts which means the opportunities included in this book are available to me. In the past I've read "coupon" books that included store scenarios for major food chains that are not in the North East so I couldn't participate.
And a little about the author (which I rarely do in this feature that's supposed to be about the artist): Kummer wrote plays, the books to musicals and musical revues, straight novels, and humor, but I tend to know him as a writer of several crime and adventure novels. He began writing genre fiction which was serialized in pulp magazines under the pseudonym Arnold Fredericks. Kummer then dropped that and used his own name for his final two detective novels The Scarecrow Murders and The Twisted Face featuring Judge Henry Tyson (soon to be reviewed here).
(f) The Good Father, Mothers or Authority Figures:
“Everywhere I go, the empire collapses. The State Department is desperately trying to send me to China.” — Gary Shteyngart
Memories closed in like a blizzard of snow.
Then we headed down to the beach. I love the sea. I come from the seaside and can't not put my feet in the water. So, shoes and socks came off and the paddling commenced. This was the moment. This was my everytime, my eternal moment. By the sea with friends. Each being entirely themselves. Nathan, shoes and socks firmly on feet, the third eye of the camera taking in the scene. He was his own metaphor, recording the moment, spotting and capturing the detail, doubtlessly to be set down in writing at a later date, the supreme observer. I was the dancing fool, stepping too far into the wave and getting his rolled up jeans wet, the big kid playing the fool and not caring how stupid I looked. Kelly was the social connector, the bridge and the cement, enjoying everyone else's enjoyment and keeping us all in touch. Sharon was torn between the land and the sea, wanting to be in both places at once, wanting, as always, to make sure that everyone was happy. This was a moment that was so heightened and vital that it couldn't be just this instant. It was also my past and my future. Always on that beach.
Fun? Gosh I thought writing was life who has time for fun? I’m kidding. I write lol. I read, edit, write articles, travel, play tennis, crochet, make blankets, paint, ride horses, fish, scrapbook, review books for other authors, text (I’m a pro at this) I listen to music and watch movies and I wait for the day mine moves from movie consideration to “the big screen”
So thursday, all the californians went out to a big group dinner at a nice restaurant called Les Provinces. Here is une photo:
Money comes easily and freely to me.
At the SCBWI's 39th Annual Summer Conference in Los Angeles, Deborah Halverson, award-winning author of HONK IF YOU HATE ME, BIG MOUTH, and the upcoming WRITING YOUNG ADULT FICTION FOR DUMMIES (available in stores June 2011), gave an incredible presentation packed full of information writers would do well to heed before submitting their work to agents and publishers. A former editor at Harcourt, Halverson already had a wealth of editorial experience when she began writing her first novel while pregnant with her triplet sons. In her Ultimate Checklist workshop, she consolidated years of expertise into ten simple tests.
early 20′s be-deck them selves in tattoos and face studs, thereby making
And you can't do it alone. For me, it took God, my parents, professionals, a therapist, and some important friends. I was the one doing the hard work. But if I tried to do it by myself, I would have failed over and over again. God held me in the most difficult times of my healing. Whenever I thought I felt the most afraid, the most alone, I would pray and open myself up to His love and grace and realize that He was with me- not only at that moment but also when things were happening in my childhood and that He cried with me. I had my parents by my side- paying my hospital bills, coming to family therapy, hearing what I was willing to stop protecting them from. I had friends and teachers who sent me cards, talked to me on the phone to keep my spirits up, came to visit.
Upcoming charrette topics are:
Next we choose to go to the doctor, or psychiatrist to get the “answer” to our “problem,” the anti-anxiety, anti-depressant, anti-everything medication, our “saving grace,” we think, for the “problem” of our worries.
Jay offered me a meatier part this time around, and though I still cop to having no real talent for this kind of thing, I decided it was too much fun to pass up. I recorded lines for the new episode on Sunday night, and was told today that they didn’t suck. Sweet!
What is the Gilmore generation, you might wonder?
Furthermore, this suggestion demonstrates an obliviousness to the privilege that christians in America enjoy. On the subject of articles of dress that assert certain beliefs, my friend called out Jeff Shott for his assertion (via costume) that christians are wrong, but failed to say anything about the crosses that christians often wear, which assert that atheists such as myself, as well as jews, muslims, hindus – basically anyone who isn’t christian – are wrong. As a matter of fact, I find many of the basic tenets of christianity (which are, again, asserted by the wearing of the cross) to be immoral and downright offensive, so may I silence christians from voicing their opinions, as well? This is an obvious double standard.
Faster cooking – less oven time for example
In 2008, I self published a book of poems for an advanced poetry class. It was an incredibly dark time in my life. I was in the most abusive relationship I’ve been in to date. It was on and off and on and off and…well, you get the idea. There’s more, but you can probably see a little of that in the poems themselves.
State Senator Jeffrey D. Klein, a Democrat who represents part of the Bronx and Westchester, introduced a bill in January to raise the punishment for some cases of cyberbullying to a felony with prison time if the threatening messages are sent by someone on school grounds.
More recently, Brown was instrumental in establishing the Harold K. Brown Civil Rights and African American Experience Collection, which is housed in the SDSU Library’s Special Collections and University Archives Department. The collection is an exceptional, full account of the struggles and progress of San Diego’s African Americans as told through unique, digitized personal papers, photographs, and oral histories.
Nigeria was until recently, the
without reflections.
He was born to a woman, under the Law, in the line of David,
Fifth…Follow along with what is going on here today? Two minutes peeps, Do you have it in you?!?
5.Writing too much – You need to not be writing much more written content than you’ve got top quality info. It is going to only damage you within the long haul in case you publish content material with quite small substance. When you have mountains of info, statistics and resources to use, compose five web blog posts a week as well as making videos, infographics and podcasts. When you do not have this, lower your output to a sensible amount and which is appropriate for the resources accessible to you.
VEGAN OPTION
Upon arriving at my inn, the first question I had was to the inn owner about this car rental transaction - the most puzzling and lackadaisical I have ever seen in my life. He said to be assured, the owner would know my whereabouts at any given moment. I asked how that was possible. He told me that Nevis was a very small place (the island nation only has a population of 12,000), and everyone knew everything. I asked how any problems would be resolved. He assured me that everything would be fine, just don't have an accident. This was not comforting at all.
This will always be a mystery to me.
2 pounds fresh, tender mustard greens
I love these postcard poems, and the fact that I will have written 31 brand new poems by the end of the month – no easy feat that, getting me to work so much in such a short space of time. I’m very happy with the core poems that are appearing on the cards straight off my pen; some of them will need a little tweaking and become short poems but others will mix and match, blend into each other. This is a great habit to cultivate and I would love to continue, even if I don’t actually send the cards to anyone I’d like to collect them for myself – must find a nice box.
confusion works in the bird world?)
This is a movie that never would have flown after the Code. While corrupt politicians have always been a staple of the movies, the code would have demanded they be punished (a la Senator Paine in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington). Although there was no specific injunction against depicting corrupt public officials--as there is in contemporary Chinese film, for example--The Breen Office frowned on criticisms of the system itself and there was an injunction against "sedition," which is something that's often in the eye of the beholder, depending on their political point of view. While this may sound outrageous to American ears in an era of relaxed censorship, it's worth keeping in mind that movies were unprotected as speech in the classic Hollywood era, having been ruled so by The Supreme Court in 1915 (a decision not overturned until 1952). It was legal for governments to censor them, and they often did.
I replied: ( in what has to be the most clever come hither line in history)
What he expressed at the conference represents a retreat from the world that ignores biblical teaching on creation. Ultimately such an approach renders the church’s witness irrelevant. It consigns faith to a ‘spiritual’ realm that has little to do with realities of life.
We bought 5 acres with views of the Three Sisters in Central Oregon’s High Desert.
John Kirby (bass)
I'm on 'restricted activity' for a while, so I went to the school today but mostly sat and did light activity. I wasn't very productive, but had some quality time with a couple Renaissance kiddos (lots of laughter there) and a parent-night meeting this evening. Tomorrow: Enrollment! Morgan has been moving quite a bit today and yesterday, and I've done a much better job at keeping a regular schedule (eating, getting up, etc.). This has been one of my major priorities since I've been sleeping in quite a bit and eating at odd times. I don't want to confuse the poor thing!
i began to embrace a different kind of friday night as i pulled into the YMCA.
Nomads by Nature is hosting this week's Round Up on the very timely theme of Independence Day, which is, of course, the holiday in the middle of next week! And while many of my friends at Embassies and Consulates around the world are frantically preparing for their official celebrations in honor of America's National Day, I am preparing for a relaxing week. Because we celebrated our National Day in March, to avoid the heat and summer slowdown. And right now, I am very thankful for that. All I need to do is show up to our Consulate's unofficial celebration and enjoy myself. No suits or heels or makeup or endless small talk required!
I am crawling the walls, floor and ceiling. It’s not the nice, happy, giddy everything has a shimmer and is fantastic feeling anymore. It’s dark, irritating, consuming and it’s changing me. I can’t sit still… I want to be everywhere and nowhere.
I think that Modern Warfare goes for more of a team approach. They slow down movement and make it more team oriented. In Black Ops, you are able to take over the game by yourself and win for the team single handily. In MW3 you need to stick with the team and chose your spots in order to help your team win, you can’t run and gun like in Black Ops. For a gamer who likes to run around the map and have fun, Black Ops in defiantly better.
I don’t think I made it even a block before I realized it wasn’t a game any more. I ran as fast as my little feet could carry me only to find Mom running out to the road where we hugged. I was bawling and Mom was trying not to laugh as she said how much she missed me and how glad she was I came back!
But the question is, “whether inaction can be action?”
Kimberly Hill blogs almost daily at It Began In Camp 4 about cooking, food preservation, homeschooling, sewing, road tripping with kids and anything else that comes up.
But is there anything truly greater than just sitting down with a book?
The Chipmunks
“Jeth. What brought you here?”
she feels gang-raped and shackled.
Perhaps our problems will breed with one another to create bigger ones. Will we take up the mantle as stewards of an organic world and learn to coexist with our physical environment, or we will continue to be the only specie capable of innovating itself out of any relationship to its physicality? Are we the only specie capable of manufacturing our own discontent? And perhaps even, our own destruction?
A more esoteric problem might come from the lovely Dragonwife who even now thinks I waste too much time contemplating my bellybutton fuzz, the tragedy of empty beer bottles, and the eventual fate of the universe. I can imagine how she would react with me trying to slip away down to Charleston to go sailing while weeds in the lawn need cutting, shrubs need trimming; walls need painting, along with a thousand other chores that are always demanding my attention. On second thought, maybe buying a lotto ticket and hooking up with some nubile young babe ain’t such a bad idea after all.
Like all of my Kate Spade inspiration looks thus far, I had to improvise quite a bit on this outfit, but love the overall feel of the full pleated a-line skirt, business-y bouse, and colored tights with classic black pumps.
Bring something actually forward you are not going to convince anyone by saying they are ignorant and morons. The only way is logic which has been lacking in all of this.
Drop by tablespoonfuls on a baking sheet. Bake 350 for 12-14 minutes, or until cookies begin to brown on edges.
Give consequences
There are rules which must be followed if you wish to turn out a decent product. Far too often wanna-be writers confuse rules of construction with the stifling of creativity. It isn’t so. The purpose of writing on whatever kind of machine – quill pen to manual portable to the internet – is to convey thoughts and ideas, and for that there has to be a common, mutually acceptable ground between writer and reader. Creativity is wasted if the reader has no idea of what the writer is talking about or if the storyline is a chaotic, mis-spelled mishmash.
I'm beginning to feel as pissed off as I did when I blogged before. Not necessarily about things like the "cuts" the coalition are making, because I genuinely believe it is needed. In fact the cuts are not enough, and real dead wood in the public sector should be more vigorously pruned. Most of my ire now is directed towards the EU, and I want to say more about that among other things over coming days and weeks.
06. Pink And Black (Shaken & Stirred 1985 Outtake Robert Plant)
From where I sit, this interpretation explains Kuranosuke much better than any narrative that casts him as mis-assigned daughter of a tragic actress. His boyishness adds extra comedy to all his attempts to “teach” Tsukimi and her friends how to act like women and use their “natural weapons” (tragic and uncomfortable, yes, but also a satiric look at privilege on many levels). His misguided understandings and behaviors serve much better if we dismiss the possibility that he’s attempting to express anything more than a love for fashion.
More significantly, I didn't discuss it in detail with Adrienne. She was already convinced about the risk of these bacteria and I knew I would never get her approval. This was one of those occasions when it would be easier to get forgiveness than permission. I was taken by surprise by the severity of the infection.
Why is the mystic state important?
These guys are regular me and you(s) who have a passion for baseball played the way it was played in the 1860's and 1870's. They adhere to the day's rules and don't use gloves. One of the rules worth mentioning is if you field a batted ball on one bounce, the batter is out. The pitcher still pitched underhanded back then. One of the greatest tools of the pitcher was being allowed to fake the runner and quick pitch the batter. He was able to slow or fast pitch as he chose as long as it was an underhanded delivery. I can't explain my joy watching these games play themselves out and witnessing the differences with today's game.
Because the Chicken Highway was washed out, we had to backtrack down through Whitehorse, turn southwest toward Bear Creek, Yukon Territory and then finally head northward again to Tok.
All in all, do I think that the Kinect games themselves will provide much more than engagement and incentive for my students? Not really. However do I think that the Kinect sensor technology offers some interesting Redefinition opportunities for the classroom? Why yes, I do. Let the experimentation begin.
Me? back to our main site to investigate a long term leak. The roofers and the steeplejacks have messed around up there many a time, they were ordered to scrape off all the old repairs, get right to the root of the problem and fix it.
State governments that have the temerity to demand voters show official identification have been stirring progressives to righteous indignation for some time now. They noisily protest anything that would prohibit the dead, convicted felons and illegal aliens from voting, since those groups are a reliable Democrat party constituency.
While analysts still expect the economy to recover in the second half of 2012, future evidence of weak activity could lead the central bank to follow an expected interest rate cut of 75 basis points this week with another cut later this year.
I finally figured out where to comment, and then I see the word verification (barely), but then the box is cut off prematurely...so I cannot submit it...its missing! Probably why you are not receiving comments, do you not know this needs fixed??
He was so good we decided to take a seat and have a refreshing beer whilst enjoying his singing. We took a short video of him but for some reason Blogger won't let me upload it, so I've put it on You Tube and you can see/hear it here.
With each passing year more and more information is gathered surrounding football, head injuries and their long term impact. In 2000 it was discovered that 60 percent of players had suffered at least one concussion and that more than a quarter of all players had suffered 3 or more. Acccording to the New York Times:
While shopping in Nidus the party encountered a giant egg with ex-pirates paying people to defecate around it (to keep it warm). This amused us because it was one that the veteran players remembered fondly from many sessions ago. The party talked a bit with the pirates and found they belonged to a fourth un-named pirate crew but they had words of dire warning about Suicide Jack.
Of folk he ought to meet,
Green Day were polarizing. From the beginning the knock against them was their lack of punk boanfides; no breakneck tempos, no yelled vocals and the lyrics were not only comprehensible but they were clearly about...girls. But Lawrence Livermore and his Lookout Records label (more HERE) stood by the band, as did a lot of record buyers. When the band signed to a major label, the same people who'd derided them as being 'too pop' now called them 'Greed Day'. It's no wonder they abandoned the punk underground. What's more interesting is how much they carried the punk flag, coming around to an anti-establishment view not so far removed from that of the punk politicos they'd left behind.
ONE STEP AT A TIME
The security questions appear to be directed at users who may have raised a red flag for one reason or another. Picking the questions themselves is a one-time task. But after you’ve chosen your three questions and answers, you may at some point have to remember and enter the answers to again verify your account.
his lips neck and shoulders. and he nibbled back . They were in perfect
discovers his plan, he sets up a trap for Darshun and his five
experience,the other speaks of God taking the children of Israel through..
Kort looked over the city for several moments and then looked to the necromancer “You recognize this place?” I was confused myself on what he said. I must have had sand in my ears. I thought he’d said “sass Irene” which I admit didn’t make sense at the time.
Only when we enter into the awareness that we are truly The Father’s Spiritual Children in Christ Jesus we can begin to fully understand our inheritance in His Kingdom (cf., § Becoming Children of God). And that, through that understanding and the Divine Wisdom that comes with it, we may find our place and role in the here and now so that, through us, His Kingdom may indeed be manifested here on Earth as it is in Heaven.
So that maybe, on the fortune-kissed days, the words grow so pliant that they follow us into our dreams at night, only to fall like rain from our fingertips at dawn.
Wohlstetter’s activism on behalf of American imperialism and militarism lasted well into the 1990s. According to Abella, the rise to prominence of Ahmed Chalabi — the Iraqi exile and endless source of false intelligence to the Pentagon — “in Washington circles came about at the instigation of Albert Wohlstetter, who met Chalabi in Paul Wolfowitz’s office.” (In the incestuous world of the neocons, Wolfowitz had been Wohlstetter’s student at the University of Chicago.) In short, it is not accidental that the American Enterprise Institute, the current chief institutional manifestation of neoconservative thought in Washington, named its auditorium the “Wohlstetter Conference Center.” Albert Wohlstetter’s legacy is, to say the least, ambiguous.
The Anansi stories are among my favorite trickster tales, so here are a number of retellings starring the funny, lazy, and clever West African spider.
Now I’m not sure what kind of cooks they’d had before I moved in because it took them a while to trust me in the kitchen. Eventually I won them over, but it was a long process that began with what I refer to as the Brownie Mix Incident.
means to visually display a moving image of a pitcher; and
Now I think why did I bother
Rogue Ales
‘Course I got a goal—stayin’ alive! When Mama was alive we was thinking we’d go to New York City so she could be a singing star, but that plan’s shot to hell, so stayin’ alive is the next best thing.
“Right away, ma’am.”
I would add just one very important recommendation because our food supply has changed a lot since the 50′s and 60′s…
After a quick drive around the neighborhood Husband returned home and suggested that I drive around since HB is more likely to respond to me when called. By this time it was 11:40 pm. I drove for 20 minutes up and down the same streets calling his name. I offered treats and the opportunity for a walk, but nothing I said flushed HB from his hiding place. Exhausted, I resigned myself to the fact that the chances of Helicopter Butt returning home on his own were higher than us finding him at midnight in our heavily-wooded neighborhood. I decided that I would put his dog bed and water bowl under the portico and hope that he returned at some point in the night.
That's all the news i have for now, hopefully more to come over the next week.
Post something Ninja-related to your blogs during the Nine Days of the Ninja. Send the link to me at stevemillermail@gmail.com, and I will list in in a Nine Days of the Ninja index post (The Ninjex?). Anything is fair game. Reviews of movies, cartoons/anime, and comics featuring Ninja and/or posts featuring information about the creators of such stuff, or just pictures of Ninja doing their thing--flipping out and killing things--are acceptable subjects. If you have existing posts, you can send me the links ahead of time, and I will link to the best of those as well.
Let’s summarise all key points of my presentation and make a conclusion.
Best HD TV
The problem, he says, is that not enough people are sufficiently educated or technologically savvy to exploit such rapid advances and develop as-yet-unimagined entrepreneurial niches. He and McAfee conclude their book by arguing that the same technologies now making industry far more productive should be applied to updating and improving the educational system. (In one promising example they cite, 58,000 people went online to take an artificial-intelligence class offered by Stanford University.)
Good thing my stellar dancing skills are distracting enough. I was so inspired at the last wedding that there is video. Me vs. my cousin – white folk disaster dancing at its best. I trust there will be a rematch throw-down, but how will I top what went down 2 years ago? Catapilliar? Moonwalk? The Carlton Dance? Maybe I’ll kick it old school, Bawlmar “Hairspray” style with “The Bug” or “The Roach”! Bet they’d never see that coming! They probably wouldn’t understand it either. This is Lawngoiland after all.
December 22, 2011 Thursday
NOTE: In sports where monitors are not available near the field or where the governing body prefers to pretend it’s still 1932 and no helpful technology exists (I’m looking at you, FIFA), then all questions will be reviewed post-game and all offending players will be suspended from the following contest.)
"The steak Diane s'il vous plait, Phillipe"
The venue for this wedding was The Barn at Bury Court in lovely leafy Hampshire, just down the road from my parents. The rape fields were in full yellow blossom, there were horses in the fields next door and the church was picturesque. The morning started grey and we had heavy showers throughout the day, but when the sun did break through it was glorious and there was lots of time for the guests to enjoy the fabulous grounds.
What Republicans have not noticed is that President Obama has rather neatly fulfilled nearly the entire agenda bequeathed to him by George W. Bush while, at the same time, blaming him for the Recession and everything else.
Mawlana Hazar Imam is currently in Kenya to meet with the Jamat, after having visited with Jamats in Tanzania and Uganda. While in Nairobi, Hazar Imam will also preside over the opening of the Aga Khan University Hospital’s Heart and Cancer Unit, and the groundbreaking of the Aga Khan University Graduate School of Media and Communications.
Rel tossed another branch on the fire, harder than was necessary, and the cascade of sparks gave him emphasis. "Like me, you mean?"
The good news is that there are many resources available to locate authors, both on the Internet and elsewhere. As the Authors Guild blog demonstrated, crowdsourcing works to some extent, but even a thoughtful Google search can produce a remarkable number of leads and, in some cases, an email address or phone number.
In a lifetime, we come across many books, many movies, many songs, that influence us, inspire us, and instruct us. The problem is that over a lifetime and with the finiteness of human memory we forget many of their names and what they meant to us. But there are lessons to be learned that are worth remembering, and stories too. In the same way that we bookmark a website that we really like for future reference, we should do the same for older mediums as well.
And she is beautiful. Stunningly so. People--including strangers--comment on her looks all the time and always have. I rarely tell her she's cute or beautiful, choosing instead to focus on how smart and kind and funny she is. As a goofy looking kid, I didn't have people commenting on my looks very often. You know, if you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all. But to The Geej, she's already started to believe that her looks are one of the most important things about her. And how, as her mother, do I instill in her that they're not without bruising her confidence?
So, a great salad with added veggies and fruit to start your dinner ... cuts down on the need to prepare lots of other side dishes if you don't have the time for that. I hope you give this salad a taste and I'd love to hear from you when you do.
First let me say that I am usually funnier than this but there are some things going on today that just aren't very funny. I mean they are funny but they aren't ha ha funny. You may or may not agree with my politics or dogma but I think we all agree that this country is broken and we need to do something different.
Life is full of twist and turns
2 mile run- 13:00
I did decide to topstitch the tabs and collar. I'm glad, it really added a finished touch.
Who is benefitting from this arrangement with Sunway Ltd?
Harry and I haven't been to many places since we had to have so much treatment for our illnesses and last time I visited, Weston Super Mare was still in turmoil with workmen everywhere while they finished putting in the superior sea defences and new walkways. The whole of the town seemed to be upside down for several years, so I was quite pleasantly surprised that it was all finished and not a workman, tractor or bulldozer anywhere in sight and it all looked very new and agreeable as well as safer for the people who live there.
She's taken a space that had little to recommend it, worked her butt off remodelling on a budget, creatively used totally cool finds, and has worked some sort of private unbelievable magic, the genes for which sadly skipped me.
This is not to say the book isn’t good. It’s not awful at all, it’s just not my cup of tea. I’m sure there are a fair amount of people who would really enjoy Suspicion. It’s the type of book I think would work well as holiday reading, on a beach somewhere. It’s not a long book at all, I started and finished it today, and for its length, a fair amount happens. There is suspense and there is danger, pretty much like a sinister Mean Girls, and those moments kept me reading to find out exactly what was going on, despite not being a huge fan of the characters. I’ve got to say, I really liked Sawyer though, he was just a sweetie! Upton wasn’t too awful either, though I found him too English; the phrases he used aren’t something you would hear every day over here – but then again he is rich, and so probably posh. I don’t come across many posh Englishmen.
Supposedly the secondary schools these children will move to in September will have a clearer idea of the children's abilities. Bollocks - all they'll get is a picture of which kids are good at TESTS. If they really wanted to assess ability, they'd get a far better idea from coursework and reports.
19. Pay Me My Money Down
Do you have kids who know what to do if grabbed or attacked?
Well, I went last week with two of my friends and it was a raging success…
I am intrigued by the news of the lady who gave a kidney to save her boss and then was fired by that same boss. I tweeted, “No, I don’t want the job, but I’ll take my kidney back” along with the link to that article. Hope it entertains. I’ll tell you what that kind of news story DOES do, it reinforces a rather nasty commentary on humanity, that’s what it does. But I would be the first to admit that I would be vastly amused were this woman to sue to get her kidney back. Now THAT would be a news story. Heck, that would be an awesome story. I think I’ll write it down.
Oh well. Four months ’till next time, then.
We were making some pretty provocative moves, and wiggling our stuff, so I can see where the men would take the opportunity to gawk...
I would listen to her babble. And then, all of a sudden, know one would see her. As if she crawled back into her dark cottage.
One doubts Grayson's students would say they're better off for his arrest. One former student commented on the KXAN site, "I remember Ian Grayson from when I went to Austin High because he gave me a hug on my last day there." Another student declared, "Gotta love how they fire the best history teacher at our school because of something so stupid as possession. I guess an illegal plant takes more priority over a good education."
Thursday October 4
(this dough recipe will yield approximately eight, 8-inch long, think crust pizza shells)
My name is Amanda. I'm 14, and I have an imaginary friend. Or at least that's what I thought Charlie was. In summer school, I met Emily, who swore two things: she's psychic and Charlie is a ghost.
6) Modern communications has evolved from a simple press release to engaged campaigning across multiple channels and markets.
At Peace.
My little disclaimer here - I'm committing a big movie review faux pax here and letting my fond memories of one movie taint my opinions of the newer one. It's never fair, but with a remake I feel like at least some comparison is in order.
En daar sal ek bly tot die dood
left an impression on me.
That Hope and Innocence, feel Rebirth in Your Bond.
Visual art, by contrast, is considered to be useless except for decorative purposes
I might even stamp some more tonight...
Obviously, it is not just TEN things I've learned from you, Mom! It's probably 1000x10. Everything I am is because of you. Because you have always believed in me. Always saw me to be more than I was. Or what I thought I was. You are the strongest woman I know. You are kicking life's ass at 71 years of age - you are beautiful, you are full of life, and you keep showing up on my doorstep everyday to watch your crazies! I LOVE you beyond measure!
Thanks to you, I have spent entirely too much money this summer on all the cute new clothes that have hit my favorite Lilly store. Thankfully my husband found it humorous that I got a little carried away one night on a shopping spree with my mom and sister (who, ahem!, did not help me stick to my budget). Word of caution - do not have a dirty martini and then go shopping unless your husband is as understanding as mine.
Well, as I found out, there is no such outfit, so I just changed into a cardigan, tweed jacket and jeans and rubbed my way out of the building, pissed off, harried, flustered and late.
WOW! How cool is that?!
You’re a bitch and not always kind, but I love you and nothing more.
When Sadie would laugh
Last week, I experienced three hours of pure auditory hell. The owner of the shop I was in had their personal iPod on shuffle. By “shuffle” I mean it was in the throws of an identity crisis and was committed to taking everyone down with it. No one in the room, including the long-suffering staff, knew how they were supposed to feel – other than incredibly anxious. The owner didn’t see that there was a problem and refused to change it or turn it off.
My watch died on me by the second loop. I ran without knowing my actual pace. Like many would say, more than anything else, it’s important to run with one’s heart. And so, I did...I think.
becauseeeeeeeee...
He doesn’t understand. I can’t talk like humans do and he doesn’t comprehend my language, which relies heavily on subtle visual signals. Oh well.
The ground is moving under us. Mind the gap.
I'm laying in the sunshine on my deck typing this...oh how I desperately love the sunshine! I am not one of those Washingtonians who loves rain, unfortunately. I am laying here wearing pants that are a size smaller and underwear that is too big! I'm also finding that there is less padding and this deck is not as comfy to lay on as it has been in the past! All good things.
Now don't you feel better already just reading this? I know I do. Treat yourself, your significant other and even your children to this soothing treatment. At these prices you can have a facial monthly!
4 Samba fúnebre
Bless her heart, it made her butt look about forty inches long. That woman needed help.
The road to Emmaus was almost seven miles long. Why do you think his disciples did not recognize him?
This is far from the case. Compared to the pageant of homophobic and misogynist pants-wetting going on on the American right, all the Democrats need to do to make themselves look like a sane and useful political outfit is to sit back and watch the Republicans engage in
Or it was a guy who wanted you to think he was the kind of guy that would do that. I plan to check this liver story out with an addiction medicine specialist just as soon as I can track one down, but it sounds like nonsense to me. So what's the point of all this? He doesn't have one (seriously, check for yourself).
Fair warning: There is a musical involved. But it is only three minutes. You will live.
We went to New York this summer to stay with my husband's brother, the sculptor Oded Halahmy. Oded has a loft in SoHo. In the past decade he has set up The Pomegranate Gallery and his Foundation for Art, promoting peace across the Middle East. Oded and all of his family were born in Baghdad and went into exile with almost the entire Jewish community in 1950. But Oded had never forgotten his roots. His gallery provides a venue for artists from Iraq, Iran and elsewhere in the Middle East
Okay…I’ll stop teasing you now! I just can’t help myself. Y’all are just so darn cute!
It's been way too long since I read a short story collection, but Cram's first book Radio Belly was a perfect reintroduction to the genre. It's a mix of quirky and serious, whimsical and sad and each story manages to be complete and satisfying on its own. While of course I had favourites, there wasn't a specific story that I would recommend skipping or that I didn't enjoy in some way.
Re messy houses, Dayna said that her mother's house was like a museum, but Dayna's is more like a "workshop of their interests"! It is NOT always perfectly tidy! She calls it the "love mess".
Fortunately my something nice was going home after a cancelled babysitting job. I hurt in lots of jointed areas today and really miss having a bath. Showers get you awake but are not soothing.
The Strange Love of Martha Ivers
Do I value this?
5. Earn respect by ‘listening’: – ES “Listening to each other is core to our culture, and we don’t listen to each other just because we’re all so smart. We listen because everyone has good ideas, and because it’s a great way to show respect. And any company, at any point in its history, can start listening more.” Courtesy Andrew McAfee
Anyway we solved it and we left it at that …………… in the meanwhile we had started talking more and more about us.
1. Pinkberry
Gideon Manasseh / photojournalist
returned with the woman
For crits, roll a SR on CON on the level of your crit. For fumbles, roll a SR on LK on the level of your fumble. As you understand, this means lvl 2-6. If you fail your SR, this is what happens.
In my brave new world, I am a successful multi-published author, Super Mom, and a calm, confident and super-happy person. I have enough time to achieve everything I want to do. Anyone who says any different is clearly just a construct of my sub-conscious, and my conscious brain has the power to send that imaginary person into oblivion.
Traditional Marxism, of course, aspired to the same ultimate goal but there was a key difference. Most Marxists insisted that it was necessary first to seize state power, and all the mechanisms of bureaucratic violence that come with it, and use them to transform society – to the point where, they argued such mechanisms would, ultimately, become redundant and fade away. Even back in the 19th century, anarchists argued that this was a pipe dream. One cannot, they argued, create peace by training for war, equality by creating top-down chains of command, or, for that matter, human happiness by becoming grim joyless revolutionaries who sacrifice all personal self-realisation or self-fulfillment to the cause.
He said Herbayar Mari had spent time in a London jail and was released after Rehman Malik’s efforts.
Rinse cucumber and onion lightly and squeeze out excess water with paper towels.
Family badge of sapphire and cracked emerald
I see now that he challenges his peers with his staunch desire to not be freaked out at every turn. I see that his peers are thinking, 'I'm just asking him a question and he's walking away, what the?' I also see that the longer we know these peers, the more flexible they have become at making themselves heard by Billy's ears (or assessing the exchange is not that important after all and happily moving on to other things).
Schumer: guns near schools don’t affect
Mobile marketing gurus have come to a consensus that e-commerce and mobile marketing will become a successful partnership. In 2012 we can expect to see a rise in the enhancement of mobile payment and mobile money transfers. Furthermore, there will be a rise of mobile banking in developing countries. Smart phones now allow consumers to access their banks within a few clicks. For instance, banking apps now make it possible to check your balance, make money transfers, pay bills and deposit checks while never stepping foot into a bank. For brands this means implementing options for mobile payment to enhance your capabilities and your consumers’ accessibility on the go.
While out walking the dog the other evening I noticed a freshly grated dirt path leading into the woods. Curious, I took the path to see what was going on and where it went.
This post is all about books so I thought maybe some of you, who read my posts on a regular basis, have wondered where the stories that I attach to my work originated. Here is a summary of each book.
Digi stamp - digi boutique - male garden
I couldn't imagine it. My heroine, Isabel, has five siblings, three of whom are still living at home. Where would they all sleep? In one bed, in two? How would her father and stepmother have any privacy? And how on earth would you stop the cow trampling on the pots?
She mentioned you had died.
We can apply the same theory in Dharma learning.
AG: It’s very limited. And that’s why pantheism is very limited. When Westerners started going to India, they thought it was pantheistic because it has many, many gods. Indian philosophy tends to see God in nature, in many things—they worship rocks sometimes, that kind of thing—so they thought it was pantheistic and only somewhat later did they realize that there is a transcendent dimension. In fact, the transcendent dimension is developed extremely well in Indian philosophy, whereas the transcendent dimension in the West is hidden in the cave of a very few esoteric systems such as the Gnostics and a few great masters like Meister Eckhart.
New this year are the fireworks shows at the Methel-stage in The Shire and in the northern area of Bree-town. In The Shire, you and your compadres have to set off as many fireworks as you can to appease the crowd. You’ll also find a familiar face who sends you on a whirlwind tour of some important sights in Eriador.
My dad was telling me a story about a snake he found under the dock while he was contemplating (his words). I was more fascinated (and tickled) by this contemplation business than I was the snake. You see... my parents live on a small lake and they recently had a two-tiered dock built. We use the dock to sun ourselves on the weekends, fish and watch the sunset. We use the rafters under the dock to store the kayak - and apparently my dad also uses this space to spy on fish while he contemplates. Unless a snake is disturbing his flow, that is.
Got an MRI. Showed a bulging disc into that giant white Giger-esque Alien thingie going down my back, and some kind of other bulging and deterioration on the LEFT side. Oddly enough, not a lot of PAIN on the left side of my legs, though I often do feel as if both FEET are dipped in red-hot liquid magma quite often. After the last doc visit, he did that thing where you tap a knee and other areas of an appendage with that mallet doohickie, and to my chagrin I now have a significantly diminished reflex response in my left leg.
the unfolding of sheets,
LT: Do you think you’re a part of that Scottish songwriter tradition?
1.Nick The Stripper.
Make the proposal sexy: Hire a stripper and hide the engagement ring in her cleavage. This way you can both enjoy the performance!
Projections for the growth of the non-white population in Britain are staggering and the implications for stability are horrendous. There will come a time when even the white middle classes who currently display the most heroic hypocrisy regarding all things multicultural will find that they can no longer insulate themselves from being overwhelmed: there will be nowhere to run to; good private schools will be beyond their means; and it will be very difficult to avoid immigrants because of the sheer numbers. I take it for granted that as the number of non-white immigrants entering this country rises, and the strains, already evident, get worse that laws emanating from Brussels and designed to criminalise all opposition to multiculturalism will become much harsher. We can expect legislation designed to criminalise any spoken or written scepticism of multiculturalism as a matter of course. I do not see how any kind of political and social stability, let alone racial harmony would be possible in Britain were the numbers of non-white immigrants, already large, to spiral out of control. We may already have passed the point of no return.
A multipolar world, not one dominated by a single grouping is safer for all the world’s citizens. All UNFAIRLY disenfranchised nations or nations believing they have been taken advantage of or manipulated or even lost language, faith and culture due to unwanted UN influence where valid, should demand that their nation’s silhoute be REMOVED or represented in a manner on a UN logo that shows a state of non-participation.
This was cool. All you needed to do was add 4oz of water and shake it for 60 seconds. This was really, really good! It’s a bit more lumpy than your typical Swiss Miss or Jell-O pudding, but still tastes good. However, it has a whopping 47 grams of sugar. My blood glucose did not like me after this and boy did they let me know it. I feel like shit after eating it. Lol. IDK if that’s the typical gastrointestinal distress that soldiers often complain about or if it was just me.
Lili Taylor (I Shot Andy Warhol)
WHAT IS DARK SPACE???
Level 11: MP Cost: 55, Damage: 223%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 21% chance to stun the enemy for 5 seconds.
Pendragon: I think you did. Should I be suspicious?
It’s strange how accustomed you get to the hours of the night. How you can eventually tell the subtle differences between 2 or 3, or 4, in the morning. By now it must be at least 5; because I have nothing left but to give up and let the numbness take over.
2010.08.07 Afghanistan Helmand 1 0 A British father of four is shot to death by a Taliban prisoner who seizes a weapon on his way to a prayer session.
So, I need to put the frosting back in the fridge and get myself some kind of decent food to fill my belly. Luckily, I can sleep in (slightly) tomorrow. The second I finish eating, I’m out. I nearly fell asleep at my client’s again tonight, and the drive home was the longest damn drive I have ever taken in my entire life. If it wasn’t for the help of JT’s “Sexyback” on the radio keeping my attention (only by the extreme level of annoyance it brings me), I would have went insane. On the plus side, I’m in the euphoric phase of exhaustion somewhere between everything being soooo pretty, and I just don’t give a crap. So… bring it on, haha. I’m going to bed.
Approaching the pub through Craven Passage the first question with the Ship and Shovell isn't what shall I have to drink but which pub should I drink in. Its a curious choice but the Passage intersects the two halves of the pub. One loosely could be called the big pub, albeit it only relative to the small one on the other side of the passage. Run as one pub and linked beneath the passage by the cellar it must delight the tourists. My worries of a horde was unfounded. Thankfully they were most likely in the Sherlock Holmes.... a fate I wouldn't wish on the most obnoxious tourist.
So, maybe it is time to recollect these memories into something concrete and try and create this dish for John and my Aussie friends.
Now until Midnight Sunday night!
Now your friend, who has a spotty recollection of the events that preceded their screaming hangover, is left to worry and wonder, “Oh no! What did I do last night??” Why not reassure them with a smiley face at the end of that sentence and let them know that they didn’t make a total drunken ass out of themselves? With just a few extra hits of your phone’s keypad, you can make your friend’s blackout seem a whole lot less scary.
Here's one from the archives, great jazz/funk/fusion..
It was nice to spend all day outside in the 80 degrees instead of the 110 degrees. I realized though when I got home that Ladybug has a pretty good tan line just on the portion of her calf that is showing above. Oops!
“Germany is leading the world in the development of eHealth cards,” added Andreas Lösch, Vice-President, Gemalto. “With the new eGK card we are fulfilling a requirement for a secure online connection between users and their health insurance company. This is a key move towards e-services.”
But within the life cycle
Reiki will free you and return you to the love within. Self treatments work on many levels: connecting to yourself through regular touch, the flow of the energy through you to your body, and its you saying to you “You’re worth it”. When we give Reiki as a practitioner to others, we are saying they are worth healing. We are able to help them achieve a better balance, and state of emotional peace. We just simply turn that truth inwards to ourselves.
Et se voyant sans coeur, sans style, sans esprit,
whipped cream
The Malaysian Consultative Council of Buddhism, Christianity, Hinduism, Sikhism and Taoism (MCCBCHST) had yesterday urged Najib to be “the leader of a responsible government that practices what it preaches.”Bishop Dr Paul Tan Chee Ing praised an interfaith group for urging Prime Minister Najib Razak to end what the head of the Catholic Church in the Melaka-Johor said was the “PM’s deafening silence” on pressing issues concerning inter-religious harmony.
They may seem a bit frilly and feminine, but think how fabulous they'd be paired with a stripe or geometric print! And of course I can't be on Fabric.com without finding all kinds of other possibilities. These are sitting in my Shopping Cart for consideration right now:
Actually raining season is around the corner. However, thanks to the plenty riches of Ghana, I feel like I've outgrown this positive Ghana-centric "Rain in Africa"-blog. Since a little while, I have been working on a new blog and today I am moving to wordpress and to a new blogging concept (or should I say "launching"?).
If you can be in Lancaster (at your own expense, sorry – it is a charidee gig) on March 1st and you feel you know your beer then get in touch.
Donovan also touted a bill introduced this week by Sens. Robert Menendez, D-N.J., and Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., that removes a minimum requirement for mortgage LTV through HARP.
Goldenhawk fabric top I mentioned I was starting back in this post. This top was meant to be a shortened version of view B since I thought that it was far far too long for me.
S: “I’m okay with it.”
The wind had blown all day -- gusty and unrelenting -- like I rarely remember. I don't know where the wind comes from, but I think it must be from someplace in the past, because it so often awakens some memory. I sped up, trying to outrun this particular one.
A familiar girl with short black hair and pale, pale skin stands at the doorway of his hut, staring at his nude body with interest. “Praise to the skyborn,” she purrs casually. “Aren’t you up early, Danni?”
-a lovely heat resistant red satin styler roll bag
Now if only this darn snow would melt, I could get these babies into the ground!
he’s always beside you wherever you go.
1. Chronicles:
Second, though veterinary professionals are in the business because they love animals, they also have a job to do, and the longer any procedure takes to accomplish the more stressful it is for the pet, the owners, and the staff. So, in the back, though your pet will be handled with respect and care, it may not be handled with the same loving kid gloves that you yourself use. If the situation calls for it, cats will be scruffed, dogs will be muzzled.
I see my mum, young and pretty and I realise all the things she's done for me and all the sacrifices that she's made and continues to make for me as I walk my path.
The big problem is that my wonderful husband is an avid carnivore and I need to be able to continue to at least cook with chicken. My proposed compromise on this issue is that I am going to attempt to change the source of the chicken meat. Living, as I do, in a country where I don't speak very much of the language, certainly not enough to engage in any meaningful debate about the whys and wherefores of the origin of any meat with any shop vendor, this is not going to be easy. However, my plan is to try to get my meat from the traditional markets. They have live chickens at the market and they will kill them for you on the spot. Although this may not sound like much of a compromise to some people out there, trust me if you had read the description that I had of how chickens are slaughtered on masse, you might change your mind.
The cost of an in-person reiki session is also $45, and can be combined in a 3-session package for $115. For distance reiki, the cost is $35 per session, or $95 for three. Again, feel free to save those sessions for yourself, or give someone the incredible gift of receiving reiki.
Boo had to have surgery yesterday and some of her hip bone removed. She came home this morning with a cone and a bare tushy and is resting in her favorite spot on our bed. We are glad to have our little girl back. She is always around to help with card making, homework, any computer work and as always to pounce on our dog Barney.
She has daily periods of astonishingly high energy. We call this Satan Cat Mode, and Honey Badger has nothing on Satan Cat. What Satan Cat Rigby needs is someone to romp with her. It doesn't matter that we'd rather sit on the couch or go to sleep. (Cats are mostly nocturnal, remember.) We have acquired a collection of toys and other items that she finds entertaining, and I spend close to an hour every day creating opportunities for her to chase, tackle, climb, pounce, sneak, destroy, and gnaw. Very often with me as the target. This is in addition to the time that Frank, Chloe, Emma, MJ, and whoever happens to be visiting contribute to the cause.
He commented on female cab drivers, and how there weren't many. He said he was glad he had a woman today because most of the men drivers, they weren't nice to him. My prejudices could imagine that some cab drivers weren't very nice to him. In fact, they could imagine that most people weren't nice to him. And if I had been around him for more than this seven minute cab ride, I might not have been nice to him either. I felt sad for him.
This just reminds me of the tagline from this book: “What If God Designed Marriage to Make Us Holy More Than to Make Us Happy?” Maybe if we strive to be more Holy and serve God through out marriages we will be more happy. Hmmm…
Coni and I were riding fence one spring day checking to make sure the fence was intact ( the horses lived in a 25 acre pasture), when we had to cross a creek that ran through our pasture, somehow she stumbled and I was thrown forward over her head, into the water and was instantly submerged with a horse coming down upon me, somehow Coni avoided crushing me under her by curling her forelegs up and jumping forward, it was a miracle I wasn't drowned with a horse on top of me, but she knew it was me under her legs and wasn't going to hurt me.
Only animals with owners have any hope, and even then it is slim. If residents suspect their pet has been snatched by the MSPCA, they can come to the pound and pay a ransom to rescue it. But the charge is £30, which is beyond the reach of most people, as the average worker earns less than £60 a month.
As everyone knows I receive Scripture emails everyday. Before, I went to bed I was looking through the Holy Bible. I was in Matthew as I came across something about the Beatitudes. It was on that same page that it had the talk about the narrow gate.
In the annals of rock and roll history there have been numerous groundbreaking and important albums released, way too many to mention in a short list here. “Game changers” from Sgt. Peppers to Enter the 36 Chambers are discussed, disputed, diluted and written about ad nauseam. From talking heads on VH1 (and bloggers such as us) to the employees of record and music stores worldwide, there are oft agreed upon standards of excellence that these records have established. You will be hard pressed to find someone who doesn’t at least appreciate the significance of OK Computer or the influence of London Calling.
as a gift with a purchase of $50 or more.
I want to use fabrics I have on hand so as to make this project as inexpensive as possible.
Last, to help motivate Charlie, I gave him a mini notebook where he could earn 3 stickers during each "session." He could earn them for: using his best handwriting, reading his very best, and overall always doing his best. We then set goals: when he earned 15 stickers he could go get a special treat and when he earned those stickers we set another goal. Positive reinforcement is SO important when helping a child learn and be successful.
Surveys on NBC.com are entertaining
“But the need to be this afraid, and the idea that the threat we face is so profound that the FBI can’t handle it, the Justice Department can’t handle it, the police can’t handle it, a Supermax prison can’t handle it, the prison industry can’t handle it — that’s the foundation that lets everything else happen. That’s the foundation that lets it be OK to suspend the Constitution, that’s the foundation that lets it be OK to start new wars… So actually in a funny way, if we don’t have this, then a lot of the pressure for massive security industrial complex starts to go away.”
This dazzling flowering shrub or tree, relatively new to gardeners and flower enthusiasts, has already won its fair share of awards and praises, including the 2007 Plant of the Year Award at the National Tropical Plant Industry Exhibition in Florida. It’s an extraordinarily beautiful addition to almost any landscape design growing 5-6 feet tall as a shrub and up to 15 feet as a tree. Although technically not an evergreen, it provides year-round dark green foliage resembling a fiddle or a spoon, depending on your imagination.
With a dare I say almost perfect fruit cake sitting proudly on the counter.
Is colder than your face
· Macro and sector forecasting for over 175 countries and 80 sectors
No time to do anything but trust her. Find the shape that the spines made as they twisted through the threshold of the Sherim and back into ordinary dimensions. They could almost be tall grass, razor sharp and deadly to walk through.
Now, tell the poor young children, O my brothers,
22 The stone which the builders rejected
I know I've been posting a lot of simple salads over the past few months - but I can't help it! I love lunchin' on salads!
taken from the back jacket of Beryl Markham's book)
Excellent read. As much as I enjoyed the first 2 books in this short story series, this one was even better.
Watch all parts if you have the time
This was taken from the window of an antique store. Those bottles look stunning and the rich honey, amber, mahogany, and magentas are reduced to dull brown without the sun to make them pop. Wish I could show you an example of this, but I would not have noticed the photo opportunity if it had been dark out.
Check back tomorrow for a new challenge and new prize!!
At least that’s how Bob Geisenberger sees it.
In the meantime, author B. L. Fowler remains hopeful that this Mother’s Day will be one many moms will certainly remember, especially those who receives a copy of his new book.
In hindsight, I had a great time in Philly and a great time running this marathon. Again, the training was the true test though as it was way more difficult than the race itself. Training for a marathon is the true test.
Photographers may often feel like they are in a never ending battle against online appropriation of their images. It is recognised and even, perhaps, accepted that some uncredited use can happen in the social media world by inexperienced people keen to share images but failing to credit the origins of those images. However, photographers generally don’t expect one of the largest magazine publishers in the world to be taking their images, manipulating them and passing them off as their own. Yet, that is exactly what has recently been happening on Vogue Spain’s Instagram page. The misappropriation appears to have started with Sion Fullana’s work but when he raised awareness of the breach other examples came forward. Vogue has now apologised, via Instagram, and appears to be in negotiations with the relevant artists.
Farylrobin pumps (!!!), Buffalo Exchange, $38
Or are we, I don't know anymore. Is this part of the earths cycles or the result of mankind's interference with her cycles. When you look at it we do not have a great deal, in fact only a handful of years in comparison to the age of the earth, from which to draw our information to make that comparison. Science analyzes and concludes to later be found wrong in it's assumption. So how do we know. All we can try to do is the right thing, as we believe and hope the best of an out come.
I didn’t know my Mamaws and Papaws even had names until I was almost grown. They were comforting laps to sit on, people who were on your side no matter what your parents thought you had done wrong, sources of joy and keepers of the history and heritage of the family.
“Mom, I was thinking today at work about-” she paused to breathe in, considering her words, “about what we’re going to do with you.”
First of all, ACC, what’s the deal with the aeronautical engineer thing? Is that some kind of hybrid spec? Because I thought the talent trees were Chemical, Electrical, and Mechanical. Did I miss something on the wiki? Meanwhile, I’m still playing around with the veterinarian, but I also just rolled a humanities-spec teacher class (for those of you wondering, by the way, that would be the human equivalent of orcities studies). Who knows how that will go.
The Blonde looked up at me with a wry grin on her face (and a speck of porridge on her chin)
My original assumption of what the sleep study entailed was all wrong. I figured that once the boy was off the oxygen for a little while, they (and who "they" were was always ambiguous) would come to our house one night and check his pulse-ox while he slept. If he passed, they would take away all the oxygen equipment and declare Xander will live long and prosper.
An in-ground damn swimming pool.
Thanks for stopping by. Hope today finds you all happy and doing something you love.
The fleet they are currently offering is pretty young, 6.5 years, but the new fleet joining them will bring this down to a very respectable 5.8 years (compared to British Airways fleet age of 12.8!)
The House Beautiful cover with mi amour on the cover. Is anyone else out there as obsessed with the Brinson’s house as I am? Was there anyone else who kept this issue in their car for two months – just in case they needed inspiration at a red light? So, imagine my surprise and utter delight when I saw a blog with a magazine cover that looked like Jill’s living room.
Hope you discover some "secrets" this week.
Where The Wild Things Are is my favorite picture book of all time. Anyone who’s read a bit of my blog knows that I love picture books despite being a teenager. Dr. Seuss’s books, Little Pea by Amy Krouse Rosenthal, and the Olivia books by Ian Falconer are all amazing, but Where The Wild Things Are is still the best and always will be. I want to write (and possibly illustrate) a picture book sometime during my life, and my main inspiration to do so comes from Where The Wild Things Are.
"Of course," I said.
The start up costs to getting into cycling can be higher than you expect. If you are looking to do a decent amount of cycling (5+ miles recently) you’re gonna have to look into getting bike shorts and clip-in shoes to make the most of your bike. And that’s gonna run about $150-$200 for quality stuff. But let me tell you, bike shorts will save your butt and sit-bones from a lot of soreness. Clipless pedals and cycling shoes will add about 2-3 mph to your speed without doing anything else.
On the Appalachian Trail, 'Vitamin I' refers to Ibuprofen, the friend of hurting hikers. Ibuprofen allows people to hike on, not listening to their aching knees and ankles, often hurting themselves in the long run.
Millions of years later, a group of Tractators came to Frontios, but were stuck there. They waited for 460 years, until a Human ship came close enough to the planet. They made the ship crash using their gravity powers, then left them alone for 10 years in order to rebuild. They then used the asteroid belt in the Veruna System to attack the Humans, killing them and allowing them to use their corpses in their machinery. This continued for 30 years, with most of the Humans not guessing the truth of the matter.
Today I have Cult Nails Captivated to share. Most of you have probably seen this one or have it but it is too stunning for me not to post it. When I pulled this one out of the box my husband was standing next to me and commented it was the coolest polish he has seen. I knew then it was going to be awesome, he never says anything more than "that's nice" about any polish. Anyways, Captivated is a coral jelly loaded with an orange/gold glitter that at certain angles appears green to blue, so pretty!
The other night after dinner, Benjamin asked to watch some of the old videos I have on the computer. For some reason this kid loves to watch videos of himself, especially ones from previous birthday parties. He could watch these videos for hours. Anyway, I pulled up some videos from about 2 years ago and one of the videos was of a 4 1/2 year old Caleb walking with his walker and so proud of himself while doing it. It hit me like a ton of bricks and sadness just washed over me. He can't do that now. He can't even stand up, much less walk. He is 5 weeks post-op and he still has no strength is his legs. None. I had no idea how important Caleb's ability to walk was to me until now. I hate it, I hate that he can't walk right now. I hate that he can't do any of the things he was doing before the surgery. Just 3 months ago he was doing amazing. He was walking 100% of the day at school, he was practicing with his tripod canes, he was climbing up the steps of our slide, he was walking, walking, walking. I know, I know, it can take awhile for function to return but I really expected him to be doing more by now. Everyone has told me that he will get it back...but I'm not so sure. I had someone tell me it could take a full year. A YEAR! Are you serious? To be honest, I hesitate to write this post because it sounds like I'm having a tantrum and a big 'ole pity party. And the truth is, I am having a tantrum and a pity party. This stinks. This blog is my journal and good or bad, I'm going to be honest and get my thoughts and feelings our there because it will make me feel better. This isn't about the wheelchair, I love Caleb's wheelchair and have known for a very long time that it would be a permanent part of his life. I'm okay with that. But apparently I'm not okay with him not being able to walk when he wants to. I'm not okay with the fact that he has lost this ability. I'm not okay. And I don't know if he is okay with it. How frustrating must it be for him to completely lose this ability. He knows he can't walk right now. He knows he can't stand up. And he knows that he could before. That has to do something to him, he must feel sadness or something...although he hasn't voiced anything to me. I don't want to make it sound like walking is the end all be all, because I know it's not. Caleb was doing far more than I ever expected he would be able to do, I never dreamed he would walk with just AFO's and a walker. My heart just hurts right now. I just need to vent and cry and throw my fit. I'll suck it up and move on but right now I need to be sad. And maybe all of this will seem silly months down the road if Caleb regains the function he lost. Maybe I'll look back on this tantrum and realize how I overreacted and just didn't give Caleb enough time. Caleb has always needed more time to reach milestones. It is the story of his life. Nothing has ever come easy for him. And really this is about HIM not ME. I just love him so much and I just hate that he had to go through this. I hate that everything is so hard for him and I hate that he has to work and work and work. I feel like all the ground he has gained over the last few years, all the hard work, is gone. He is back at square one. So, I'm grumpy. And this mom is having a tantrum. So there.
Why do you constantly struggle, while others are successful? Why does it seem like they are getting referrals and business, while you struggle to make ends meet?
-Friday is a light to moderate strength training circuit day plus a short interval run for cardio
made using the wooded handle of an old
It’s great to know what is working from the past year’s marketing plan. One of the easiest ways to do this is to simply ask how you’re doing. Seems simple, right? That’s because it is. You can conduct surveys online, make phone calls or even ask customers in-person.
Additionally, the Karaites employed some Hebrew diacritics in their Arabic to signify phonemes that do no exist in Arabic, like Hebrew vowels, and the rafe sign over the Arabic bah. But this is of importance to the cultural historian, too: why did Rabbinites use only Hebrew script, and Karaites Arabic? Was it an economic divide, or an ideological one? Tirosh-Becker discusses some previous research cursorily, but essentially leaves the field for others to till. She makes that work easier, too: a description of all the manuscripts employed is appended to vol. 1 (chapter 14), and it allows for a survey of material where interesting discussions of rabbinic material might show up. More such discussions abound – the chapters on nikkud (10) and cantillation marks (9) are fascinating as well. Tirosh-Becker also identifies errors that testify both to the oral recitation of the texts, as well as some errors that clearly point to a written provenance of the same texts (I wonder if Karaites stopped copying from the rabbinic texts themselves at some point and started copying from each other; we do know that many rabbinic texts were owned by the Karaite synagogue in Cairo – but the fake barayta was copied over and over as well).
So if you are a new reader and fellow bride-to-be, or if you’re one of the many international visitors who stumble across my humble blog when searching for something a little more obscure (‘fringe porn’ remains the highest ranking search term for this blog, you filthy buggers- read on for clarification), or if you’ve been compelled to visit today for whatever reason… WELCOME.
At rally after rally Galloway hammered home the same message, how “Western imperialists” were killing “millions of Muslims.” With the big message of naked and ugly sectarianism came the small message of faith – he is in favour of the banning of alcohol. In point of fact that’s rather a relief, as the Respect wave is likely to break on the dry shores of Bradford!
Sykes wrote: “No proof, but circumstantial evidence and reasonable presumption of AQI involvement.”
· 5 – 8 years of experience with identifying business requirements and implementing new solutions and substantial system enhancements.
And that reminds me... we have a BRAND NEW POLICY here at DEAD AIR: Whenever rude Tea Party idiots show up here and try to defend the evil, selfish, immoral Rich Criminal Pigs currently attempting to ROB THE PEOPLE? I print a new Tea Party cartoon. Obviously, they need one.
"The most interesting submissions, in my opinion, is from the 'Officials of the Delhi Patent Office'. Not only have these officials questioned the practice of outsourcing examinations to the CSIR, they have also criticized the quality of examinations conducted by the CSIR. These officials have also made some interesting recommendations on improving the internal systems of the patent office."
This thesis was strengthened when Seracini discovered that Vasari painted a soldier holding a flag on which is written "Cerca Trova", i.e. "Seek and Ye shall find", which can be a clue for the future generations.
I know one of the best ways of physically getting out of debt is to have Faith. Not only to believe that windfall or a lottery win will come by one day but by also gradually commit to pay off your debt regularly, and also in good time.
Every time that Barkley appears on Dan Patrick or with Howard Eskin it’s a must listen for me. I’m very glad that the committee of voters got it right.
I tell you, Golden Retrievers are just born gentlemen.
Anaru: Hi, Poppo. …Yeah, I’m not but he’s working now. It seems he’s in some favor of our manager. He’s going to there with you at the evening, right? What? Did you say the construction site in Mount Hitsuji? Isn’t it going to be a too tough job for his first day?! …Yeah, I know. To make money quickly, working at the construction site is one of the best ways. Anyway, I didn’t know rockets soar up with huge bucks.
If I could bottle a magic potion and distribute it to the world, I would. But the widsom in me knows that quick fixes are just that...quick. Quick to come and quick to go. Lasting peace takes the work. And the work takes desire. And desire is fueled by knowing what we don't want. And knowing what we don't want is clarified by pain.
It made me think a few things too. I should value what I do as a "homemaker." Motherhood does matter. Yes, I should do my best to keep my house in order and my kids happy, but I should also try to create some beauty in the world.
further up the canyon a slight movement inside a cracked
Female prostitutes on average earn VND10.6 million per month (over $500) while male prostitutes earn VND6.55 million (over $300), around 2.5 times over the average earning of the group of 20 percent highest income earners in Vietnam…Dr. Nguyen Huu Minh…says that around three fourths of the interviewed prostitutes began …at the age of less than 25; 18 percent of them at the age of 16-18 and around four percent at the age of less than 15…nearly 50 percent…have secondary, high school and university degrees…over 60 percent of the interviewed prostitutes work independently or in a group of friends and acquaintances…Most…said that they became prostitutes because of high income (53 percent)…
She also helped a little girl in her class yesterday who was a litte shy and afraid. She told me she held her hand. This morning, Mrs. Graves told me that D took sweet care of her. Made this mommy's heart so HAPPY.
Another update: 3.) This blog post has now reached +8,000 views.
I am SO excited about the future of this blogging hobby I started nearly two years ago! I began this blog with very few (if any!) expectations that anyone would read my blog, let alone care what I have to say or share. The last couple of years have been a wonderful experience and it has been fun to get to know many of you, hear your excitement for food storage increase, and to see how FUN blogs can be!
Bad things happened, for certain,
It goes a little like this....
Hello Susannah
Evan, self-employed artist/signmaker husband, is off on a week long trip to Florida to deliver 3 big ole' vintage signs to a rich client in Boca. I sleep through the alarm and wake up with the sleepy twins in bed with me and 15 minutes to make their lunches, feed them, get them dressed and out the door. Meanwhile, Zelda, with her particular potty training, insists that she spends at least 10 minutes sitting on the potty listening to glam rock, Triple Cobra. Creed, on the other hand is preparing a HUGE bag of various cars, dump trucks and jeeps to haul to Ecole for extended day play.
There is little doubt about Colton almost dying. Going five days before being diagnosed with a ruptured appendix. By then his body was full of infection. The doctors left tubes in Colton’s abdomen to drain the infection. His ordeal lasted 15 days, Colton was released from the hospital. Burpo gives credit the prayers of God’s people for the miraculous deliverance of Colton death.
Look for our Texas flag at the next game...we forgot it this time.
but she had them, again, and again, and again.
She is apparently going to lie in her bed and gaze up at the blueness and imagine it to be a Spanish summer sky.
Politically, Morrison says he's always voted Republican (in the election of 1913, he says he "wanted" T.R. to win but voted for Taft because he believed Taft would win, but then realized "it was Wilson all the time"). He claims he would have voted for FDR in 1936 "if I hadn't been sick this year," even though he thought Hoover would take it. He thought Nixon would win instead of JFK in the 60's but lost because of Japanese voters ("The Japanese they run out of California during the war"), which outrages him because his grandson (also named George Morrison) died while dive-bombing and sinking a Jap battleship in WWII; he was his daughter's only son.
You see most people in the world don’t smile anymore because the world is a poopy, poopy place and simply by smiling, you appear to have your stick and stones all sharpened and that makes you better than them. Then you ask the target for advice on something that has absolutely nothing to do with sex and everything to do with social boundaries. “You think mascots are too predatory in nature?”. Congratulations, if she begins to speak to you, you are flirting. Well done, Svetlana. Final summation, as long as you don’t pull a sharp stick on someone and start stabbing them in the chest of jugular vein, you’re probably gonna end up flirting with them specially if you smile.
In the case of Kevin, it had something to do with the ghosts of long-dead baseball greats gathering together in some stadium he built in the middle of a cornfield to play one last glorious game of ball. I don’t remember all the details of the film, I was too busy curled up in agony in the corner of the living room, tormented by the thought I was wasting a precious hour and a half of my life watching the damned thing.
The difference was illustrated to me just yesterday. A book arrived in the mail that my wife had wanted: "Ten Poems to Change Your Life" by Roger Housden, which I found for pennies online. My wife and I are reading some of the poems in the book, along with author commentary. There is one poem by Rumi, the 13th century Persian Muslim poet, mystic, theologian. It is titled "Zero Circle". It starts:
Compassion means to feel empathy for the needs and wants of others. When we are self-absorbed and self-important we overlook the needs and wants of other people. We will even kill them if it suits our whims, just as millions of people kill animals and destroy nature every day because it suits their tastes.
Flappy didn't even blink when she hit her head which just goes to prove what I've always said. She has nothing much up there to hurt, nothing but a mound of dirt. Why the hell did she have to move them anyway? Just to prove they could do such an act at Pat's work bay? If something has wheels wouldn't anyone with half a brain assume that it could move with ease? Between Flappy's ears there has to be an ever flowing breeze.
Then we have “dulia”, which is given to all the other saints since they’ve lived their lives in the service of the Lord and made it to His kingdom.
I know some blogger's won't leave a comment if there is one...
Geologist John Holloway, who helped invest in John McNerney’s mercury detector, had this to say about her death.
A very special thanks goes out to Tania Lennox who, over the cours of the last couple of years has contributed in a way that I can never adequately thank her for. Tania, your support, love, kindness, generosity and willingness to do what needs to be done is second to none. You are the only reason I've kept this beautiful project going as long as I have. When I lose faith or focus, you are always there to get me back on track. Thank you so much, my dear friend. The success of this creative endeavour is as much yours as it is mine. Take a bow!
Wood poppies have a fine, white hair or fuzz on the stem, bud, fruit capsule, and the underside of the leaves. If you break the stem, the sap is bright yellow. The bluish-green leaves are deeply lobed and very attractive, even when the plant is not in flower.
The number of tax-paying farm-workers, according to the SA revenue statistics in 2009, have dropped from the original 1,6-million in 1994 to below 350,000 by the end of 2008. The proposals in the Security of Tenancy Bill are also rather vague as to whether all these original 1,6-million farm-workers and their large, extended clans and their descendants would also be able to claim-tenancy rights on farms - or whether it only applies to the current number of tax-paying workers. At any rate, this Bill will result in an even greater reduction of the rapidly-shrinking, viable farm land in South Africa.
If this sounds confusing and inefficient, you're following. It IS confusing and inefficient.
I just love her sweet little concentration face. :) Anyhow, she was very excited to work on this. We did it over the course of a couple days, so that we could have something to do for a couple of days. Once she was done with all the glitter and embellishments, I tied them with the ties supplied onto the jute supplied. And here it is hanging above her bed...
Lord, please take me by the hand and lead me. I want to make your name known among the nations. Please open doors before me that cannot be shut so that the way is made open for your work, wherever and however you would have me to serve you. I do not know the end, but you do. Give me a willing and reverent heart. Prepare me for any good work you would have me to do.
I'm very excited about Thanksgiving this year. Once again I will avoid having to cook for 17 people and I'm heading to Chicago to spend the holiday with Kevin's family. My mother will be joining us as well this year. (It's like the opposite of most holidays where Kevin's mother celebrates with my family.) It will be her first time ever in Chicago, so she's very excited. It will be a nice relaxing holiday since no one has to cook! We will be back in the same restaurant as last year.
Sunday brought church and a retirement party.
Slovenia is still 58% covered by forest. This selection presents ample evidence of Kosovel’s observations of urban squalor, proper material for a ‘modern’ poet, even if Ljubljana wasn’t the most bustling metropolis of the ’2os (though Trieste, which he often visited, would be another matter). But it is the poems recounting the landscape of the Karst valley that are interesting to see in the context of modernist work. Meanwhile, though Kosovel embraced constructivism in his last years, a lot of the work in the selection is real heart-on-sleeve stuff that, at least in English, might also tie him back to the Romantic tradition. The piece below is by no means my favourite in the volume, but it is representatively manic, and is an unexpected treatment of something you can’t fail to notice in Slovenia.
PANICKY MEASURES WON’T POSTPONE DAY OF RECKONING!
He has been detained without bail ever since. From November 2011 to February 2012, he was taken to four provinces, including Sa Kaew, Phetchabun, Nakhon Sawan and Songkhla, where prosecution wiynesses were registered when, in fact, all of them lived in Bangkok.
This is a self portrait of me called "African Violet"
*2 teaspoon lime juice (lemon works too)
Today was the first day in a long time that we did not have to run here there and everywhere. I think my brain started to clear. I got caught up on house work and had some quiet moments while working to reflect. My brain works best when my body is busy. It has been so long since I had a moment like that. You know, comfortably busy but not rushed. So refreshing. It was also refreshing to have clean toilet bowls and dust free bedrooms.
SOS
Jongleur for Labyrinth Lord concept by "Uncle Junkal"
My Rating: 5/5
I still have the jacket hanging up in my cupboard, I never liked to get rid of it. The shoulder pads are drooping now, but the silk still shimmers and glows. How lucky I was 20 years ago (not to mention how lucky he was), and how clever Sylvia and Richard were when they plotted their table plan. Happy anniversary!
105 W. University Drive
Mix together 1 chopped red pepper, 2 chopped jalapenos (unseeded), 1 can of corn, 16 oz fat-free cream cheese (softened), and 1 packet Hidden Valley Ranch dip seasoning mix. Serve with crackers or cut up veggies. Delicious!!
New Old Lompco Pub & Grill
These remarks have negative implications for the NASW and other organizations of social workers. If such organizations pursue an agenda of maximizing their membership, and hence their power and resources — as one would expect a rational, survival-oriented organization to do — then they will be susceptible of corruption, to the extent that they prove willing to endorse every version of social work that marches in the door. Without developing the thought further at the moment, one can expect that there is the profession of social work, with its do-gooder orientation (whether defined in lofty or realistic terms), and then there is the NASW; the interests of the two are not the same; and granting the NASW carte blanche to speak on behalf of the profession as a whole is potentially detrimental to those whom we claim to serve.
Showers washed
Thanks again, everyone!! until next time, TAKE CARE AND GOD BLESS!!!
Hey... at least I never have to worry about being late for work if my alarm clock runs out of batteries.
How would you improve flow?
So what can we do?
making up for a century of abuse, greed and violence.
Without further adieu, here’s the April Goal List:
Bloggers come out of the rain
Vosges Haut Chocolat has been the pioneer of combining creamy chocolates with sophisticated flavors like sweet curry, wasabi, and pumpkin seeds. If you're a foodie, you and your loved one will savor every bite of these unexpected flavored truffles. Pair Vosges chocolates with wine or cheese to spice things up even more. And an added bonus..Vosges’s signature packaging is so special that any gal would feel lucky to get their treasured purple box!
MY van is already a mess, I havent written anythng down and all i wanna do is crawl into bed I'm soo depressed.. Someone told me to ask for a distress spanking... Yup think I'll ask for something a little nicer :) maybe that will help...
We are quietly working behind the scenes in every country and culture of the world
I learned early on never to drink anything while reading your comments on the Diva's group since I usually end up choking from laughter!!
A spokesperson for Australian Marriage Equality, Malcolm McPherson, himself a Christian, says the poll shows church leaders and Christian lobbyists who oppose same-sex marriage are not representative.
What is ironic is that Buncheong was devalued in by the upper classes and nobility in Korea in favor of more ornate porcelain. Yet, the spare aesthetic was admired by Japanese potters and influenced the development of the bowls and cups used in the Japanese tea ceremony.
The writing of this one was strong in voice, with some great and hilarious descriptions that are definitely stand out. With a straightforward nature to it, and dragging only a few times, the writing has a great quality to it. Though the pacing of the overall plot fell through at times, Gibsen still provides a great climax and a good ending for the story. The history was woven into the present in a very good way, with some beautifully done triggering moments and switches. Despite the flaws this one had for me, it was still an enjoyable read.
SW: How do Sunday Select and similar opt-in programs help you reach your target audiences?
Then I realized I may not be ready for “the great unknown” yet. I have yet to find out if I should continue studying after graduation, or if I should start to enslave myself in the corporate world, or if I should venture bravely in the kingdom of entrepreneurship. It’s a big question that I just got acquainted with lately, and I’m glad that God has given me the time that I needed to figure it out.
Upon bidding farewell to our previous feathered companion, Ollie Farris, it was clear that an RP would be needed promptly. RP, as in Replacement Pet.
. . he can get undressed next to another guy getting undressed in the out doors with out there being anything gay about it. Ok maybe a little bit depending on who you ask but that's besides the point.
The other reason is that my computer has taken ill. It’s making good progress, and we are seeing definite signs of improvement. However, my operating systems are toast, hence no pictures or graphics in this post. Sorry about that.
Sitting on my haunches and holding on for dear life, I was again facing the Titanic.
11. Porch
Given the sound and the ease with which the barge extracted from the dock, I was surprised that Rebel has not more than 7200 hp. Notice Nathan E. Stewart with potable water barge Aqua passing on the far side of KVK, and a
Always.
I also hope that whoever might read this, that they will feel encouraged and will remember to embrace the growing pains of life.
Finish off leaving an 18" tail. Weave tail through remaining 6 sc and pull up firmly to close the hole. Insert your hook into the top center of the acorn and pull up a loop. Ch 5 to form the stem. Sew to foundation chain.
Chanced on this new exhibition at the National Gallery today – had no idea it was opening (free). It consists of the above painting, on loan from the Hermitage in St.Petersburg, referring to it as ”Titian’s first masterpiece”, as well as a number of other Titians, Giorgiones, Durers and others that are deemed to have fed into it in some way. The other Titians include “Noli me Tangere” and the one I wrote about before, calling it the “Flight into Egypt”, which is actually the Virgin and Child with a Shepherd, or some such title. Confusingly, there is also a “Rest on the Flight into Egypt” on display.
I really love the look of simple cards. Plus I can get more of them done when they are simple to make... :)
Thanks for stopping by the blog---hope you enjoyed what you saw!
* I am touched and heartened by the outpouring of financial help for Haiti that is being talked about on blogs, various yahoogroups, and Facebook. So many good places to give—and people are really doing it, not just talking about it. Did you see that Pioneer Woman is holding a contest? She'll donate a total of $1000 to the charity of the winners' choices for Haitian aid. That is phenomenal.
Plenty of mistakes have been made since 2010, but this has nevertheless been the best government for a generation, led by men and women for the most part of decency and goodwill. Important steps have been taken towards addressing the financial deficit, while the reforms to welfare and education are essential to the health of Britain as a nation and will soon be irreversible… It is only thanks to the skill and admirable personal forbearance of Mr Clegg and Mr Cameron that the project has lasted as long as it has.
Oh how i struggle with this daily… To love, and to let myself be loved… by others and by God. who are we to decide who gets love? Who are we to push away the love of others and deem ourselves unworthy?
Back to driving around the web looking for trouble.
3. Whisk together the egg, milk, and pepper, then pour over the veggies. Top with a sprinkling of Pecorino. Bake in the oven until the frittata is cooked through, about 10-12 minutes.
Roast beef with gravy
Mumma smiled and looked outside the window
Conservatism is based on fear. Studies have now shown that conservatives either have larger or more active right amygdalas, which is known to be the body’s fear center.
The bike fitter dude readjusted my aerobars (Profile Designs T1+) by sliding them back towards the saddle, making them more narrow, and raising the farthest end so that there is a slight incline from the pads to the tips of the aerobars. In doing this, my bike computer (Bontrager Node) would no longer fit on my bars. He continued to make small adjustment here and there and added a stem that comes off my aerobars so that my computer could rest there.
KWAZULU-NATAL: Municipality awards R800 000 tender to 18-year old school learner to build road near Highflats.
Part eighteen
How does the church pursue its mission?
I made a batch of these for my sweetie who has been putting in quite a few late nights and many pots of coffee. He was very thankful to dip into the cookie jar for these little treats. A cup of coffee alongside is optional, but highly recommended.
Vampire Girl vs. Frankenstein Girl (2009)
In order to help John to come to a proper spiritual assessment of who He was, in the spirit, Jesus, told John’s disciples to look at circumstances through a different perspective, God’s perspective, and see the Kingdom of God being manifested through His ministry. “Jesus answered them, “Go and tell John what you hear and see: the blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, and the poor have good news brought to them. And blessed is anyone who takes no offense at me.” (Matt.11:4-6) (cf., Is.35:5 ff)
our dentist doesn't work on thursdays.
The specifics of the surgery fascinate me – Dr. Grant showed me pictures, mid-operation, so I have visuals for all the steps I described above – but it’s also downright terrifying. All told, I’d be under anesthesia for 6 hours – that’s a quarter of a day! In addition to anesthesia risks, there are risks of infection and blood clots. And while it has nothing to do with anything, I realized a few days after the consultation that the incision he’d make is the same incision a velociraptor would make to kill and eat me, according to an early scene in Jurassic Park (“so, you know, try to show a little respect”).
I've also never done a Combination 10 division before, either (shhhhh...I think I was supposed to have done one as a prerequisite, but I'd done a C8, so I thought I'd wing it).
It was a soggy boot sale on Sunday. I blame my mother for being the jinx, she asked to tag along on my boot sale trip and I was more than happy to have the company, although I did find it harder to ear-wig the conversations around me with my mum chatting away. It also meant that I really had to look at those stalls I see week in and week out that I rush past....still nothing to be had on the them. We were the second row in when the heavens opened. Out came the tarpaulin to cover stalls and clothes were hastily thrown in the back of cars but I still picked up a couple of bits:
So we had a long discussion on it and decided - TOGETHER - to put it off for a while until we're in a better place, financially.
Obviously since I am writing this blog I am pleased to report that I’m very much alive. I’m older perhaps, but still alive and happily still wrinkle free. To those of you who thought I was dead, shame on you! I curse you and hope that all your future children have webbed feet. Technically I’m actually doing you a favour. How awesome would it be to have webbed feet? Why if I had webbed feet I’m pretty confident that I’d almost be able to do two whole laps in the pool.
Hey!! The sun is shining here and it feels oh so good, love these beauty spring days! Today I wanted to share a recipe for a yummy granola-esque bar that I whipped together for snack for my little man (I may have eaten one or two too…). As I’ve mentioned before, I don’t really like to buy pre-packaged foods because they are often filled with preservatives, tons of sugar, GMO oils, artificial foods & colours…the list goes on, basically a lot of crap. But I do like to have foods on hand that are convenient for snacks or on the go. Now, I don’t make EVERYTHING from scratch, wish I could but that is just not always possible so when I do, I choose very carefully. That being said, this go around I did have some time to bake and experiment! I love try out new combinations and different types of flours so that I am feeding my body a variety of foods. There are so many options out there, each one with their own yummy flavours and nutrients. We also avoid wheat products as much as possible so for that reason too, I like to mix it up!
For the joy on my little princess's face, I would do it over and over again.
Time spent, now representing a collection of moments that at once were both exhilarating and anti-climactic.
The Protection of Information Bill, as the legislation is called, must still clear a national council of provinces before it takes effect. Critics have said they will challenge it in South Africa’s constitutional court.
A cool breeze blowing through the leaves hearing natures beautiful sounds
It is nice to be back! First of all: thank you for your wonderful words, comments, and emails. (The caps were indeed helpful!) It is a truly a wonderful thing to know that you have friends that care about you and even more wonderful when you can count among them some very lovely people that you have never actually met "in person". Thank you all so much. When I peaked in to read emails and publish comments it really made my day. Also a welcome to some of the new visitors that have wandered by in my absence. I hope you will stay a while!
Naturally, that didn’t sit well with the nation’s largest death (abortion) chain, Planned (UN)Parenthood.
He's come to save the day
“Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.”-Psalm 30:5
It was so wonderful to see them together. Kyle was giving him advice about shaving. I just sat back and watched, it made my heart happy.
Can you read this and tell me if it makes sense?
It sounds so much like today. Inflation cannot be stopped. Prices are getting out of hand. Housing is a great problem. Recession is a threat. Health is an unsolvable issue. People are losing control of their own emotions. Bloodshed is a daily occurrence; Strikes, riots and demonstrations depict our social behaviour. Many are in despair. To all of this the Lord shouts, “Ye should have hearkened unto me.”
The problem is, nobody knows its there. Nobody knows to put the pieces together. Nobody understands that there are literally 100′s of trillions of “collective” investments and funds that have been acquired by these individual governments that have been hidden in plain sight for decades, by separating the total governments wealth into individual and seemingly insignificant government funds and investments across the country. When considered collectively, these massive investment funds would pay off all debt in this country, and if worked correctly could eliminate all taxes through public-taxpayer instead of private-non-taxpayer investment of the same sort. This is what Walter Burien and CAFR1 are trying to achieve. This is the solution I mentioned earlier. His Tax Retirement Funds (TRF’s) are this country’s saving grace. Learn more about them here: (http://taxretirement.com/)
Because info gets shared in drips and drabs our perspective is negative, because they do not have the whole picture, they don’t have a bird’s eye-view of the situation. The story above could be dragged out over weeks and even months, providing all the detail of every little thing that happened to the poor guy until the day he got fired. After that he is without work and struggling to make ends meet.
-Optional evening music venue
"The heavy-handed tactics of the school board have trampled important rights that we all enjoy," Baillie said. "The actions of the appointed school board are far more inappropriate than a slogan on a T-shirt."
woolen shawl tight against the wind and Reese pulled on her hoodie. Raven
More health and knee news to come...
The philosophy behind Free-Range Kids does not advocate simply throwing caution and safety to the wind. Rather, it’s a philosophy that encourages parents to step back and allow their kids to make some of their own decisions — even if they’re sometimes wrong ones. The key is to do your best to arm your children with the decision-making skills they need, and when they show you they are ready to test those skills, let them! Sure, on occasion they will fail, but they will also succeed, and that success gives them a huge boost of confidence.
Then I got sight of the second question.
We talked the marvel o’er.
I can’t really remember a time before Kathy. She and my brother dated before he went to Viet Nam, in ~67. They got married when he came home, around 70. I was 6 years old. When I was in elementary school I would spend long summer days with Kathy in their apartment. Some people thought I was their first child. After all our names were the same… same spelling… and surely I look genetically tied to my brother.
Sometimes I am daunted by all that I need or want to do. Sometimes I miss Brian so much it aches in my throat. Sometimes I just want to sit on the couch with a good book and pretend that all my projects are already finished. Like Monday, when I tilled the entire garden, TWICE. Then Tuesday after an entire morning of running here and there. I needed to buy all the veggie plants and seeds for the garden, a part for the weed eater (got the wrong one), and a dryer. Came home, ate lunch, put together Kate's new wheelbarrow, so she can help mommy.
In a mist I’m sure I see you there
Oh wait. Here he is, looking rather nonplussed. I found him curled up in the center of the room on a cracked black lacquer and yellow faux velvet couch.
I watched the events of bin Laden's killing with a strange mix of satisfaction and fear in my heart. I was satisfied that we had doggedly pursued every lead for so many years, and that we had brought down a very bad man with no additional loss of US lives. But I was heartbroken by the reaction of the people who celebrated his death, just as I was heartbroken to watch Somalis drag the bodies of helicopter pilots through the streets of Mogadishu, and to watch some Islamic extremists celebrate 9/11. I was not in a very celebratory or joyful mood. As I was talking about the situation with my children, they seemed a bit surprised that I was not happy about bin Laden's death. They were not jumping up and down for joy by any means, but they were in general perfectly fine with it. After all, for most of their lives bin Laden has been viewed as a modern-day Hitler, worthy of our anger and aggression. And I don't disagree; I do not know what kind of man he was, but he was responsible for thousands of deaths and needed to be stopped. But I did not celebrate his death, and I was disgusted and shamed by the celebrations I did see.
well, now I do!)
Okay, so I taped this segment a couple of weeks ago. I'm particularly fond of how I start with "good morning."
Then I gave her her first Herbology assignment, a journal page researching a plant that has been around almost unchanged for most of the Earth's history. It's due tomorrow evening as well (I cut her some slack today).
chocolate covered almonds (protein AND antioxidants!)
With the Sabyasachi mukherjee saree collection the saree blouse adds a beauty, and a perfect cut and pattern add a lilttle more grace and eteniticity.. Sabyasachi is famous for his long sleeves off beat saree blouse designs. He mostly creates a choli of the saree with the contrasting color of the saree still holding a common link between the both
32-Young Man Blues
As a speaker and trainer, I “perform”. As a career and leadership consultant, I often write and edit, including on another blog.
"We are more or less in a vacuum," says Jens Nordvig of Nomura in New York. "We are entering a very dangerous phase."
Garters can fit your theme and/or colors, with prices all over the board.
This is a newly combined volume from WW Norton, putting together Joy in the Morning, Very Good, Jeeves, and Right Ho, Jeeves together in one volume, giving you, as the title indicates, just enough Jeeves. Spanning the heart of Wodehouse’s productivity, these three volumes gives us Jeeves at his finest, with one of the very best Jeeves novels in the lead-off spot, sandwiching the short story collection Very Good, Jeeves, and finishing with one of the most famous novels, Right Ho, Jeeves. Wodehouse’s biographer Robert McCrum ably introduces these and other salient facts, and gives us a quick sketch of Wodehouse himself in order to launch the thing. Once his agreeable intro has been digested, the fun begins, and doesn’t stop until page 712.
Christian families threatened with lynching in indigenous communities within a day trip from my home. This includes children. Persecuted for their faith, not the lack of it.
The United States women have seen a huge resurgence in the middle distances with fantastic 800/1500 meter performances from the likes of Anna Willard, Shannon Rowbury, Jenny Barringer, Christin Wurth-Thomas and Maggie Vessey. Hopefully the trend will continue for years to come as it was quite inspiring to see these ladies hold their own against the world's best.
My brother likes driving. He currently has a job delivering for an auto-parts/hardware store. He puts in about a hundred kilometers a day. His part-time weekend gig is driving limousines. At the time of this tale, he would volunteer to drive from the base of the Bruce Peninsula, all the way to St. Paul, Minnesota, to pick up parts needed urgently at his firm. A day out, stay the night in a motel, and the next day back. He made that run at least three times. He also would drive 2 hours to Toronto, pick up freight at the airport, and drive 2 hours home. He has probably driven every mile of I-75, from the top of Michigan, to Miami. Not all in the same day, although I went with him twice and shared the driving. We got on at Detroit, and 24 hours later, we were just west of Tampa. He’s put on a lot of miles, and been a lot of places, but culturally, he’s never left home.
I ate my Nutrisystem meals, the extra veggies, salads, power fuels and smart carbs.
Artwork, Secure EAC Log, and Flac fingerprints included.
keep faith in your dead -
The mechanics of the Tooth Fairy have come up in conversation - I think I might need to sew something to mark this momentous occasion.
Elie and Lauren are flying home later today; soon, my daughter and her husband and baby will join us in the local park to sit in the sunshine. We'll all play with the baby and enjoy watching him crawl around on the grass. My children will run in the sun of this land and I'll relax - another day of vacation knowing, so happy, that I've come home, that I've brought my children home. That two were born here and that all of them know that they may leave - but there will never be another place for them. I hope that Aharon will wake up, that he will be fully recovered soon, and that he will know he never has to go back to darkness and hatred.
Because she stands at the backdoor, looks at her tiny pool, and cries until we go outside. I've created a monster. But, she has the perfect swimsuit body...especially in Lilly Pulitzer. So cute!
Now I'm a guide for the CIA:
and we shall
Since my first visit, I have attend 6 more, so I have a pretty good amount of experience to draw upon. The $40.00 price of admission hardly deters me. I am an extremist and I want to enjoy it all. I want every emotion activated but I don't care to linger too long on any one piece. I want to soak it all in and to do that, I have a well formulated plan.
Is this a good thing for our society? I think so. As I said above, by protecting all speech we ensure that someone else’s subjective evaluation of our words will not be used to silence us. The ACLU echoes this point, as well as several others. To paraphrase, the free exchange of ideas is paramount in a free society. Limiting free speech for the purpose of combating bias (say, against racial minorities) traditionally does not work – it merely suppresses the symptom – hateful speech – without addressing or exposing the underlying bigotry. The best response to speech you don’t like is more speech.
As I said before, I was trained in the art of medicine many decades ago. We were taught to use a stethoscope, percuss chests and abdomens, plunge faces into ice water to stop SVT and many tools and cures rarely seen today. I do think that some of the newer tools available to us today are wonderful. Tonight we used one of those tools in my ED..
It’s nearly midnight, and I’ve watched Agnieszka die 103 times since I woke.
But we must always remember that it is only through Christ that any of this can be accomplished. And that no matter what we do, we will always be in His debt and at His mercy. Indeed, certain works are required of us in this life, but our salvation itself is not dependent upon them. The things we do are merely signs of our acceptance of His Grace. We should all be mindful that our service does not distract us from our reliance on Christ, the way housework distracted me from my love for my family.
Entangle you and me
First of all, I love the implications of discreetness that come out of this. But I also wonder, for the prospective romance writers out there, do you think something like this might affect or influence the kind of novel you write? Will it change at all how you approach your story?
Childcare will be available at Bethel from 9:30-11:45 am. In order to use our childcare, you must have filled out a childcare registration form for your children. Contact Tina Allamong at hbic1981@yahoo.com to be sure. Babies are welcome to join you.
JULY Min Temp 12.6 low High temp 35.9 rainfall 61.2mm over 4 days
During this intense project, I had many high moments – While launching my project website (drupal). I wanted to have some workflow and automation in that and I was not able to fix that. I had sleepless nights on that. And finally one day around 5 in morning I got that one. What a delight it was! Also, while working on POC, making videos, re-sizing them, encoding them with all possible encoders, fixing their length, quality, etc. etc. But nothing was working out. And when finally I found a workaround. Wow! Again a high moment! So, I had some such experiences, wherein I have put in lot of efforts, lost sleeps over them and finally got them through. I cherish all of such wow moments. I enjoyed every intense moment I encountered during the project. The complete experience was very enriching.
She is VERY social. Loves to be with company and could party all the time!
Going to sleep tonight with a humble and thankful heart. He is so very faithful.
In Iraq, on 1-2 June 1941, in the Farhoud pogrom in Bagdad, 180 people were killed and 600 injured. In 1948, a wave of official anti-Jewish persecutions, including arrests and considerable fines, took place. Shafik Adass, a Jewish millionaire who was accused of selling surplus military stockpiles to Israel, was executed in September 1948. During 1949, Zionist-movement members were persecuted. Persecution also took place in Kurdistan in June 1950, when Jews were obliged to give up their possessions and houses. A synagogue was attacked in Baghdad on 14 June 1950; three people were killed and twenty injured.
As the first casualty staggered lost around Leeds, the party continued to go from strength to strength. A combination of unlimited time, unlimited booze and being surrounded by all your friends at once provided the perfect excuse to forget all about deadlines, exams and placements. An excuse, which my friend proved, was as good as any. As you probably know once a party gets into the swing of things all basic house rules tend to be forgotten: smoking is allowed in the kitchen – in fact we are so accommodating you don’t even have to be near a window. Sofas aren’t there to sit on, don’t be silly – they’re there to stand on! Oh and who really needs a smoke alarm in the living room? It’s yours for the taking… (Please, please sense the sarcasm). However, many people, including my friend “Ginny” (not her real name, but a title which seems entirely appropriate due to the bottle of Gordon’s she was hugging tight all night) did have the courtesy to lean out of the door when the inevitable happened. And that alcohol-fuelled mess, thankfully, we can leave for nature to wash away.
I didn't really talk to Dr. Barnette about letting her go to church, gymnastics, ect. He is usually pretty leniant if he thinks their counts are pretty good. Nursery has been a little bit scary but I usually go in and be the germ monitor. Luckily it is a sernior nursery. She is LOVING cheer, gymnastics and being social. I think it really makes all the difference. She is getting her muscle back and coordination. I think it is the best thing for her. Oh and that cute little bum.
I have, however, been documenting some of what's been happening each week in the garden in my new weekly series on Farmgirl Fare called the Friday Farm Fix.
Or, more precisely, the 100% cotton denim blue jean.
allegation is that the training was never held despite the payment
I would swim all day, play cards with my Grandpa.
Hope you enjoy my creations and until next time.
Twenty Eleven has really made me a transformed person as far as my writing habit is concerned. I have been very consistent. I am no longer shy about sharing my works; I feel free to let any person read the stuff I write.
Breham said Razak Baginda’s company Perimekar had received the commission for “supporting the contract,” which he said was a euphemism for unexplained costs, and also for “housing the crew” of the submarines in France. Perimekar was wholly owned by another company, KS Ombak Laut Sdn Bhd, which in turn was also controlled by Razak Baginda. His wife Mazalinda, a lawyer and former magistrate, was the principal shareholder, according to the French lawyers.
Caleb, Becca, Sakari and Huxley David
This has been a public service announcement.
A bloody bandanna had been found by a deputy behind the Morton home. Incredibly, the sheriff’s office decided to ignore it and left it lying on the ground.
We all looked at him. He looked at Sal.
The slippery slope argument can also sometimes cut both ways. It can prevent much needed change by making the process so slow as to be useless by implementing one obstacle after another to be overcome, (the precautionary principle) but more often than not, the slippery slope allows ill-conceived plans that should never be implemented to be promoted and even voted upon and not surprisingly always, inevitably cause more harm than good. (ironically, the same precautionary principle) This is historically the case whenever such population wide change is considered by those that have a stake in the outcome and success of the change to be implemented. How those changes affect the minority most impacted by them is of little concern.
Combine all 3 ingredients in a large (non-stick) saucepan. Heat and stir (with wooden spoon) on medium for 3 to 5 minutes until butter is melted. Bring to a boil Boil for about 5 minutes, without stirring (or stirring rarely), until slightly thickened. Makes about 1 cup (250 mL) sauce.
The cost of inaction As these questions illustrate, an effective strategy in any life insurance sales opportunity is helping the prospect understand the cost of inaction. When working with a business prospect, share this example as a way to motivate the business owner into action.
In a way, it’s ironic. When I lived there, I hated being dragged out on weekends and made to DO STUFF, like pick berries or mushrooms, walk nature trails or cross country skiing. Always the couch potato, all I wanted was to be left at home with a good book. Who needed nature? That was for grown-ups and boring people. But my parents
We, Indians, are very emotional by nature. It is very easy to whip up our emotions. A well written patriotic song, a Bollywood movie where India comes out glorious despite all odds, is guaranteed to bring out tears of pride and joy. These emotions can easily be witnessed on our Independence day, everybody is exalting with Nationalistic pride, which is beautiful and frankly, normal. As they say, ” you can’t be an Indian and not be proud of the fact”. But, I am afraid to say that these feelings are short lived. They come and go with these movies and our National days.
This summer was crazy, stressful, fun, exciting, stressful, crazy, awesome....yeah all of that!
Its kinda like journaling, scrapbooking and a diary al at once.
Grosvenor House publishing offer authors a single publishing package priced at £795. Its aim is to include all that is necessary to set-up a book using print-on-demand digital print technology and the author services to make it available to on line retailers and book wholesalers. The package is fully detailed on their website and there is plenty of information available there for an author with questions. There are links to ‘why self publish’, book costs, royalties, costing calculators, as well as a downloadable copy of their publishing contract. The information provided is concise and well-laid out. If I have one qualm, it is, yet again, the lack of books on their website. Authors should also note that Grosvenor do not have an on line retail bookstore facility.
The latest news - if indeed, it may be called news - in respect to Pattisons is not very favourable. The following official statement was issued yesterday afternoon after a meeting between the bank managers interested, the auditors, and some of the creditors. "A private meeting of the leading creditors was held in the chambers of Messrs. Chiene and Tait chartered accountants this afternoon; the statement of affairs prepared by the accountants, Mr. Tait and Mr. Murray; was submitted and approved of, and it was remitted to a committee to consider as to a scheme of reconstruction to be submitted to a meeting of creditors to be held on Friday, January 6." Although no details have yet transpired there is no abatement in the feeling of uneasiness in the North. Reconstruction. is, of course, a necessity, but it is doubtful how much beyond goodwill there is for the shareholders to reconstruct upon. The main thing, however, is to prevent the whisky crisis from spreading and until more details are known it is impossible to say how far other firms may be affected."
The five scholarship recipients will also receive a student gift package of
I'ts like nothing I've ever known
I grew up at the foot of a chain of mountains. As a teenager, I dreamed only about the city, about leaving. These mountains were symbols of boredom. It took me time to learn to know them, to appreciate them. The fascination Phil Elverum has for his mountain, Mt. Erie, has probably guided me to them. These days, I always miss those “summits” when I’m away for too long.
* Monochromatic
My heart is bound by the earth and these walls.
Conditions: Thick fog
2) Printed on My Heart (1758) by Laurie Alice Eakes
This week the 4th main character gets introduced to us. However she does not join the club yet. With her introduction, the cast is now complete. She has a crush on Satoshi but is kinda cold to him (tsundere?). She also seems to be curious but not as curious as Eru-chan.
I read all sorts of age-inappropriate books when I was a kid, from A Clockwork Orange to The Godfather (page 36, anyway, along with all the other girls in my year). Nobody took any notice--not my parents, not my teachers. I was just reading. What harm could that do?
A good friend of mine is recovering from surgery, so I decided to make her a card to take along when I went to visit her this morning. I used this week's Make It Monday at Papertrey Ink: Coloured Kissing, which turned out to be a little more challenging than I'd thought. I tried several different stamps with this technique, all on one of my beautiful butterflies stamps, but I kept getting a splotchy image. I finally had some success with using a stamp from my Lace Bouquet set...
E—Expect your devotionals to find a home. Don’t be discouraged by rejection slips. If your material is well written and you’ve done your homework, publishers will take notice. Be patient. It may take time, but eventually all your pieces will find a home if you are diligent and follow these helpful hints.
Cold soap is less trouble, because it does not need to boil; the sun does the work of fire. The lye must be prepared and tried in the usual way. The grease must be tried out, and strained from the scraps. Two pounds of grease (instead of three) must be used to a pailful; unless the weather is very sultry, the lye should be hot when put to the grease. It should stand in the sun, and be stirred every day. If it does not begin to look like soap in the course of five or six days, add a little hot lye to it; if this does not help it, try whether it be grease that it wants. Perhpas you will think cold soap wasteful, because the grease must be strained; but if the scraps are boiled thoroughly in strong lye, the grease will all float upon the surface, and nothing be lost."
Brian Paddick, who was basically defending the Met, said this was terrible but “clearly everyone has their price”.
I’m getting very tight:
On the 27th of June 1953 Sir Winston suffered a stroke that left him paralysed down the left side. After that, he told Butler, “I feel like an aeroplane at the end of its flight , in the dusk, with the petrol running out, in search of a safe landing.”(5) Interviewed by Andrew Roberts his Foreign Affairs Personal Secretary Anthony Montague- Brown recalled that he was “simply too tired to deal with the immigration problem. He could concentrate on a few big issues at a time- like the Russians -and the rest of the time he could only give a steer and not see it through.” (6) I
There aren't any new colors in it (colors include: baja breeze, daffodil delight, lucky limeade, rich razzleberry, rose red, and tangerine tango) but I did change my colors up a bit on my card. I know that it uses tangerine tango but I thought the little flower print looked more like calypso coral. So, I tried some out next to it and it looked pretty good and I liked my color combo better with the coral than with the tangerine. Can't tell can you? :-) That's why I love our products, they intermix so well together!!!
This is very interesting finding and I have suspected that most cancers have a viral etiology.
But nuclear waste experts say the Japanese are literally playing with fire in the way nuclear spent fuel continues to be stored onsite, especially in reactor 4, which contains the most irradiated fuel — 10 times the deadly cesium-137 released during the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear accident. These experts also charge that the NRC is letting this threat fester because acknowledging it would call into question safety at dozens of identically designed nuclear power plants around the U.S., which contain exceedingly higher volumes of spent fuel in similar elevated pools outside of reinforced containment.
Alter ego has his shit together, or as my dad would say, he has his poop in a group.
What does your day look like? What do you need to improve upon?
2) You can borrow a colleague’s scissors, trim your nasal hair, then return them without her being any the wiser…
Turn them away, O my Beloved!
Now you understand how to make application for a job in McDonalds, take the possibility to achieve this now and get the dream job that you want.
Subject: enjoyed the phone call
I meant to try layering it over a base colour but TBH with more and more polish arriving on my doorstep I couldn't be bothered putting in the effort, when I could try a brand new one instead!!!
This means, that for the rest of the gig, there's only the right channel. Apart
In the face of all this EC chief, chief Tan Sri Aziz Yusof, made the audacious boast that he has the cleanest electoral roll in the world! He and the whole EC was appointed by the Agung to ensure elections are fair and free. They should all resign or be sacked for gross negligence and insult to this royal appointment.
There is much more information in the study - MediaFire is down right now, but I will post a copy of the report later this morning.
Although my smile was more like a grimace, I thanked the Sage, prayed his reply was the truth and walked ahead.
We are looking for YOU to help us blog! FLC is seeking guest bloggers to contribute their thoughts/perceptions of the 2012 Florida Literacy Conference to this blog. If you are interested in writing before, during or after conference, complete the 2012 Conference Blogger Information Form and submit it to Annie Schmidt, schmidta@floridaliteracy.org, by Friday, April 27.
"The creative act is to let down the net of human imagination into the ocean of chaos on which we are suspended and then to attempt to bring out of it ideas."
Zeigler's face-off came two weeks after a Queens judge acquitted three cops in Sean Bell's shooting death just hours before his wedding as he and two pals left his bachelor party at a Jamaica strip club.
This morning I found a baby artichoke in the middle of the plant. It is really about the size of a 50 cent piece.
15nos Jackfruit seeds
Now, come here and give Gramma a kiss and a hug.
Jack came to stay this weekend and this is what I wore to wander into town with him on Sunday for a bit of shopping and a drink at Pitcher and Piano. It was such a gorgeous day, it felt so great to crack the Ray Bans out of their hibernation! I also thought I'd wear my floral playsuit to match the spring-like weather (which is now making me think of Meryl Streep in The Devil Wears Prada saying, "Florals? For Spring? How original.") I normally wear it to go out at night, but I think it's really cute for a sunny day, and is so easy to throw on without having to think about it.
Austerity was named “Word of the Year” for 2010.
Since a lot of my volunteer work with the school is about “empowering” kids, I found myself considering the idea that a simple pencil with some eraser left could mean a lot in a classroom where a lot of mistakes have been made in the course of learning. Kids’ needs are often simple but simple doesn’t mean unimportant. So it seemed somewhat fateful that shortly after the experience Sheree Brown from Penquis contacted me regarding their Smart Starts for Students Campaign.
And live with the agony,
But, aside from that, making it to a year has been liberating. I've stopped pumping all day, every day. I still use the SNS, and I give her organic whole (cow's) milk. That, in itself, relieves so much stress. No more worrying about her not finishing that milk I worked so hard to get. She's still nursing as much as ever.
Four of the needed titles are for books in a series that includes books by other writers and have to fit into the greater scheme of things. They are rather formulaic and only one is proving at all difficult.
To get persons who take like apple ipods, phones, or another variety of gadgets, search for a travelling bag owning pockets and also storage area fleshlight sleeves pertaining to like widgets. While moving about for the leather case, analyze on an interior lining from the case. A new line's performance would be to put off this leather via spreading colouring for household leather satchel bag items. The liner in such hand bags should be well prepared involving outstanding quality fabric. Products or services household leather solution out there, find all set in order to characteristically attend to most of these household leather satchel carrier having suitable preservation in addition to toning down equipment. You need to abide by company's maintenance strategies before you go for any cleansing technique of household cambridge satchel leather satchel carrier.
The theme then turned to Qawwalis and I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Ustad Ji would have been extremely proud. The whole band’s energy was unreal, they really got the crowd going, and with 12,000 people in the arena, I’m sure you can picture the atmosphere. Rahat Ji’s version of Halka Suroor was the epitome of a Qawwali. It lasted over 15 minutes, which takes a real set of vocals. He let his playful side come through as well, with some bespoke lyrics, which had the crowd cheering and clapping.
Isaiah 59:2
We had tea and toasted tea cakes at The Labworth cafe and restaurant, a curious building squeezed in between the sea wall and the sea. The atmosphere was pleasant and the staff friendly.
I don’t know why, but I thought it was funny how she preferred Gadget Boy but only role plays Sherlock Holmes.
Caché – “I just wanted you to be present”
ZACH: Thank you.
Here is one last fact: I got up this morning, and put the marathon back on to watch what I missed last night.
Nordstrom cardi
We didn’t wear them around at the parks though, we carried them around. In the over packed backpack. You see, the shirts were to be the new autograph books, which have been done to death in our house. I was looking for a new idea and tie dyed shirts in lieu of books seemed to fit the bill just fine.
I've seen these pins before - the carve a rubber stamp out of an eraser idea - couldn't quite wrap my mind around it so I never paid much attention to it. MISTAKE! For whatever reason I clicked through this time around and I'm really glad I did.
A deeper statistical analysis has revealed that a whopping 73.4% of the visitors are spending less than 5 seconds on this blog.
The flatback pearls and the ribbon and lace are from HobbyVision. Ladies thanks again for your visit and see you next time! I'm off going to sit in the garden. It is a staggering 29° C overhere in Holland and temperatures are still climbing! And thinking of Saturday when it was only 15° C in Holland! Crazy weather.
The day of love is just around the corner and it’s never too early to starting getting ready for it! Let DFW Flowers help you this year!
Baking Soda - 1/2 teaspoon
This movement is not an aero benefit in itself, but may be symptomatic of other flexibility in the wing.
Stay tuned for another big announcement from ILL BILL this week!
Although the story ties up neatly at the end, there clearly lots of possibilities for sequels too (Erin’s past is particularly intriguing). Any plans for a sequel?
GC: I don’t mean to put you on the spot, if you can’t think of anything. (laughs)
I tried writing the alphabet with my left hand...then a complete paragraph. It's mind blowing how perfectly well I know how to write letters and form words, and how idiotic and elementary my handwriting looked when I was finished. I would have guessed it was written by a 7 yr old if I hadn't written it myself. AND to make matters worse- I couldn't focus on the content of what I was trying to write because I was focusing so hard on HOW I was forming each letter and word. It was maddening. I will not be signing any checks, or sending cards with handwritten notes for a while after surgery. (unless I can sign the card as if it was from my 6 yr old nephew Asher :)
Here are a few shots of the fun Guatemalan piñata we attended at Christmastime:
Gribben runs through all the various theories that allow for a multiverse in this immensely readable book.
Running Time- 96 minutes (“Not Rated”)
I apologize for the poor quality of my photos. They were taken on the iPod by Becky’s support worker. We will receive copies of the photographers work in time. This was a rare occasion for Becky and I to have our picture taken together. I am usually the photographer, and don’t really have a lot of photos of myself, period.
The Ruger was seized by police. Investigators said it had a cartridge in the chamber and four in the magazine.
And he knew. He knew from my look that it wasnt a call he wanted to take. Taking the phone out of my hand, he hung up on her without saying a word and tried to grab me as I buckled to the ground.
Shortly after the scene, just before the advertisements came on, a few public figures were invited to give their comments on how they view love.
Marquis, D. M., In Search of Buddy Bolden – First Man of Jazz, Luisiana State University Press, 1978.
These things appear quite small, but provide a fullness and gratitude for the day I was able to give myself. Something like waking up at a decent hour and making a delicious, nutritious breakfast. Or gardening, growing my own vegetables, drying herbs, and experimenting with pickling. These facets then begin to widen, necessitating not just physical agency, but an agency of the mind and soul.
I waved the girls off at 5pm and by 6pm I was ready for my bed!
I am hoping that in time it will also imbue me with a modicum of measure and calm in the face of challenging times and people.
Among McInerney’s picks is Movia’s Pinot Grigio. Based in Slovenia on the border of Friuli, Ales Kristancic is known for his interesting, biodynamic portfolio. Movia’s Pinot Grigio is no exception, though it is so far from what’s expected from the standard varietal that it almost seems unfair to consider it alongside the others.
I have lost many followers after I started posting my serial killer posts. It is what it is. We all have our tastes in what we are interested in and what we want to read. I figured my blog would not be the most popular and I put it out there for people who are interested in this subject.
Evangelical Protestants held steady and Catholics and mainline Protestants declined.
Spread into an 8 inch parchment lined baking tin. I tap the tin a couple of times to get an even cake and it's easier to frost.
Another conviction I believe He is alerting me to is my use of the TV. Obviously during school time we can't have the TV on but I have been so guilty of leaning on the TV to entertain Hope while we do school in lieu of finding her appropriate activities to do. Yesterday we spent the day TV free and it was so fantastic.
A very special friend is getting married later this month at our local lighthouse later and the gift for the guests is small jars of Bello Uccello wildflower honey, so we have bottled her supply in large jars, so she can bottle into her speciality jars with cards and ribbons. What a great idea they had!
For their May issue, the magazine teamed up with other artists including alt-country singer Rhett Miller, Canadian singer/songwriter Sam Roberts, alternative frontman Craig Finn of the Hold Steady and R&B’s Anthony Hamilton, whose song features Daughtry on guitar. All five singles are available exclusively through iTunes until May 31 for $1.29, with all proceeds going to Big Brothers Big Sisters of America. Photographer Danny Clinch was behind the lens for each of their photo shoots and videos for each track, you can check them out at Esquire‘s website.
It’s total assets were listed at $21.3 million, and in the paperwork for the filing they’ve stated that their sales have fallen more than 20%: “The economic recession had a devastating impact on higher-end fashion apparel brands, including ‘Betsey Johnson Fashions.’”
I told the mom that I was offered a job in my field and it's a job where I will finally be using my college degree. My income will also triple with this job, among other amazing things (I didn't tell her that). I am giving them their 30-days notice that was in our nanny agreement, even though my new job would prefer I start on December 9th. At first, she said she understood wanting a job in my field, but soon she burst into tears, said she can't believe she has to search for a nanny again and telling me she hired me because she thought I would be devoted to her children and how is she supposed to hire a stranger when I know the ins and outs of this family (but, wasn't I a stranger just 5 months ago?). She told me it took them a year to find me (this is untrue, her
The longest and most unabashedly self-indulgent piece in the set, Weerasethakul’s ode to the jungle is a boring slog. A young couple runs off to the jungle to find a magical tree; a camera crew trades jokes about Brad Pitt and beer ads; five women do a song and dance routine about finding love; a frisbee-like toy flies through the air; moths flutter around a flourescent lightbulb. Nighttime images are soft and lacking in shadow detail; highlights are burned out in the daytime shots. (0/10)
Quivering and uncontainable
Where thoughts serenely sweet express
The inability to give or show gratitude is a mark of disfigurement, a kind of spiritual leprosy. One who can neither give nor receive can never enter into a relationship of grace, a covenant of love. The leper who returned to Jesus to say “thanks” enters into a relationship with God.
I’ve had a great response to my query letter, with a 35%-40% request rate for fulls or partials. The first time this happened the agent responded to my query within 24 hours and asked to see the full manuscript. With my brilliance thus confirmed, I expected an offer of representation would be forthcoming. She replied a few days later with an email saying she hadn’t connected with my protagonist and was therefore passing on the project.
Lead, Kindly Light, amidst th'encircling gloom,
8 One 6:06
In a time when a soul is longing and weary, a saint cries to God. He seeks Him, but does not find Him…he seeks the answers, and does not find them. The saint has a hungry soul, but yet is not satisfied. He craves more, but yet cannot get more. There are things in his way, blocking him from being fulfilled, blocking his soul from being filled with these good things. But yet, this saint longs for Him. There are the distractions of this world, which keep the hungry saint from being fed. How can he be rid of these distractions? It’s the question that he longs for. It’s the request submitted to God, but yet cannot seem to obtain.
1/2 cup corn oil
Tomato sauce, 2 table spoon
Toddles
Irritation at every object;
Cleese
Monday – A 22 year old man has recently been contacted by three of his ex-girlfriends, and he has varying degrees of interest in each. He still has feelings for one, but is very interested in understanding why the other two reached out to him as well. He’s curious about how to proceed, since the advice he’s getting from friends include suggestions like “don’t talk to them” or “treat them they way they treated you in the past.”
I didn’t know this book was considered a young adult book. I would certainly consider it a book for those the age of the grandparents as well as those the age of the girl. My daughter, a university professor in philosophy, recommended it to me and I am grateful.
bloody rocks,
Other than that, I am pretty much happy at my new places - home and office. The most important thing is, I love my craft room filled with all-white furnitures. A dream comes true indeed! It is actually very simple but I just love it! In fact, I spend most of the time in my craft room now than before. Happiness, happiness =)
Before I continue I ask you each to remember the Jesus who has saved you. How do we know that the Jesus of your experience and the Jesus of mine is the same? We know by his teachings. God’s teaching is not new – It has been the same for thousands of years, It is incorruptible, and always true throughout time and circumstance. You can test the message I am writing to you by that standard.
He said: ‘You hope that kind of thing doesn’t go on in this country. So I looked into it. There are hundreds of people earning millions per year who are barely paying 20 per cent tax, forget 40 per cent, forget 50 per cent, forget 30 per cent. They are not even paying 20 per cent.
Needless to say when I came back I practically had to rebuild my car and the two of them had taken photos of themselves on my camera to further piss on my authority. Regardez:
Evidently some asshole religious leader is advocating a large-scale burning of copies of the Qur'an; I can't go along with that, I have to say. There are a lot of people in the Muslim religion that consider kafirs (non-Muslims)to be enemies, but that is no reason to be causing this sort of disrespect, any more than it would not be proper for them to do this sort of thing to the Talmud or the Bible. This country is partly based on the idea of freedom of religion, whether the other religion likes us or not. If you think I'm wrong, fine; it's how I feel.
As the audience will expect, romance develops between the two while they escape together. A dramatic climax, filled with typical Hindi movie drama and of course, a horse ends the show. Sachin–Jigar’s musical score is quite pleasant to the ear and suits the story line. Riteish and Genelia’s sizzling on screen chemistry lifts up the otherwise drab and typical storyline.
BOOST FOR MIDDLE-CLASS FAMILIES
I sent them an email and claimed a refund. No response yet. I was in touch with their ‘Expert’ waiting for further advice because the first was not fully usable. I am waiting for both responses. 08 / May/ 2009″
And seize it with their eye.
But now? I just look down in the corner of my computer screen, or pop on my cell, and I've got fiendishly accurate time, checked against atomic clocks, and it's not only easy and available, it updates automatically. I can have accuracy my father only dreamed of at a glance, with no continuing effort at all.
For while, of course, most Muslims repudiate any kind of sexual crime, the fact remains that the majority of those who are involved in this particular kind of predatory activity are Muslim.
Pila was given the honorific title “villa” which was reserved for the rich and culturally avant-garde communities in Spanish Philippines. Sadly, most of the Villas has failed to retain its old character. Among the eight Philippine Villa’s, only Pila and Vigan succeeded in maintaining the original town layout and the important bahay na bato’s.
5. Staines' Trumpet Concerto in E
This apple green kitchen is fun on so many different levels! I love the mix of modern and traditional elements (where can I get some of those counter stools?), and the alphabet lettering on the glass doors. Not to mention the "christmasy" color scheme....perfect for this season!
the story recorded in duplicate
I think I might have to have an etsy shop for them... You all will have to let me know if that's a good idea...
Overabundant heart
We're SO on top of things and have already brought our HUMAN neighbors pies and such to introduce ourselves.
Faler describes it as a recalibration of the senses.
It's fun to completely slam a book. It's like when you're in Junior High, and you come up with a really creative and dregrading nickname for a hated classmate, and your friends all give you high fives. It's fun to think up snarky and clever jabs that articulately describe why a particular character, or scene, or subplot, or spot of dialog totally blows. Some reviews are so scathing that you can literally see the reviewer body slamming the book - in a witty and detached way, of course. Body slam reviews have two goals: they warn readers about a bad book, and (perhaps more importantly), they make the reviewer look smart.
I have always wondered about the relationship of travel with reading and writing. Is it necessary that you need to be a good traveller to be able to write well or maybe get time for reading? If you like to read different books then definitely you get to know about different places and cultures and the desire to go and visit those places also becomes stronger. Perhaps that is one of the reasons that people end up traveling more when they are fond of reading or at least they wish to travel more. Typically, for an avid reader books are always a companion when they are traveling.
The intruders entered the store shortly before 10 p.m. No one was injured, Boyd said.
07-31 Detroit, MI – Fox Theater
Just to clarify, we are accepting crystal clear as white and as it's almost the same as turquoise, aqua or aquamarine is allowed. You can also use AB finishes. But no other colours please!
TCI: OK, final question. What was the inspiration, besides the song name, for “The Pornographer” video? That seems incredibly, I don’t know how to frame it, ballsy move to fuck or pretend to fuck on camera for a song. I mean, it’s part of your band to always go to whatever extremes to convey the art and pop in your music. But...did you come up with the idea or the director?
How to play: You need to upload your project for this week's challenge to your online blog or public photo gallery. Leave a link that goes directly to your project in the Inlinkz form at the bottom of this post. If you upload to online galleries, please also use the keyword or tag, JUGS61. After you post to Inlinkz you can also leave a comment here.
Fortunately neither one comes off anywhere near sappy. From start to finish, this is one inspired record.
Whhhat?? *insert Hank Hill’s shocked/appalled facial experession* I think there are many things wrong with this ad:
“Then make me warm!”Junsu cut Yoochun off. “Make love to me.”
I had them when I lived in the city (Albuquerque)
This is how you broke my heart and
The source of this knowledge and information is The Oxford Companion to Beer and it boldly claims to be the 'most comprehensive reference book ever published about the popular and diverse fermented beverage in the world today'.
A conservative will simply laugh and be so convinced of the absolute truth of this history that it will be forwarded immediately to other true believers and, of course, to more liberals....just to piss them off.
No time...but I do check in to see if there are comments or whatever and somehow stumbled on this old post - dating back to 2008. It was while Elie was a commander of a checkpoint though now that I know more of what that included, I am so much more grateful to the bullet-proof vest...or what I thought was a bullet-proof vest at the time. Now, Elie will laugh and tell me that it wasn't really bullet-proof but offered some measure of protection - or maybe it was. I don't really remember.
Overall, starting your business out of your home (or close to your home) is smart if you can follow these guidelines:
No Treasurer's report
Follow the instructions.
It was a great 1st 5k hosted event. The runners were friendly and had a great time. They said that they look forward to the next one. They really love the cause that they were supporting.
Oh come down, Red Molly to his dying bedside"
Mark Oxner: Alan Grayson calls himself a proud progressive. But what does this mean?
I know that a lot of people just come and go but some people stayed with me from the very start till now and I hope that they will stay even more. I don’t know all of my subscribers but I know quite a lot and when they say good words about my blog posts or some creative stuff I do my heart fills with soft little bubbles and I look like that:
6:00 pm Cracker
SUBJECT: Fire hydrant
Open since May 26, 2010 the Pantone Hotel, created by architect Olivier Hannaert and interior designer Michel Pennerman, has 59 affordable rooms each stylishly featuring the Pantone color matching system. Everything in the hotel is “Pantonized.” There are bikes to borrow, chairs to sit on, mugs and plates for dining and blankets to sleep with all painted in bright and cheerful Pantone colors.
top - topshop, necklace - topshop, hat - h&m
As someone who works on social media every day, I often wonder if people just read the headlines and don’t click through and read the link. Based on people’s reaction, I usually think they don’t click and read and just react.
There are so many adorable styles out there, I had trouble narrowing down the list. I know of course that more than just the level of formality affects how you chose your dress. Location (both the state/country and venue, time of day and temperature are all factors in your decision. I mean, remember my search for the black tie gown that I wrote about here and here? So what I have for your today is a wide range of options. That way, hopefully no matter when and where the wedding you are attending is, Tartan & Sequins has got you set. Happy shopping :)
“Then get on top of me next”
So pubs are thriving then? People are flocking to those pubs? Not according to Mintel:
Armageddon (commonly known as the battle against the anti-Christ) according to the Bible, is the site of a battle during the end times, variously interpreted as either a literal or symbolic location. The term is also used in a generic sense to refer to any end-of-the-world scenario.
At Bowling Green the wind combs through the red tulips and flattens them alongside the fountain.
IM IN UR PANTZ TWEETIN PITCHERS OF UR JUNK - BRITEBART KAT
If you already purchased the 3-month tutorial, you will automatically get this tutorial in your e-mail first week of March. Be sure to check your e-mail and to put my e-mail in your safe list in order for you to get your tutorial promptly.
KEVIN VAN HENTENRYCK: You know, I had a couple experiences early on, that I'm sure affected me. When I was very young I went to the Michigan State Fairgrounds. I went to meet girls. But there was a triple bill under the tent this one night and the first act was Bob Seger, but not the Silver Bullet Band It was before. Then it was Alice Cooper's band, but they were just awful and everyone left. Then Mitch Ryder and the Detroit Wheels came on and everyone came back and the tent was jumping. Another time I was dating this girl, and we went to see Ted Nugent and the Amboy Dukes at this VFW hall in west Detroit, and the stairs had these ramps on them. So we walked in, and the whole place was filled with members of the Hells Angels motorcycle gang and their motorcycles. We were the only non-bikers there. They gave us a hard time, but after a few minutes they left us alone. It was a good time. So I must have be influenced by Detroit.
"I should really like to think there's something wrong with me —
Where can I find zines?
Indiana University School of Social Work
The characters are also brilliant! Hanna herself is strange, as you've probably guessed, but it's hard not to love her and feel for her! She's got such a great voice, and can be really quite amusing at times with her strange way of seeing things. Rosalee is just brilliant! Cold and unfeeling at times, which will knock you for six, but it's great to have such a character that'll make you react and feel so strongly! Wyatt, Hanna's love interest, is pretty sweet, really, but I doubt he'd like to hear that. He's clever, quick, and very powerful though, and a combination of Hanna and Wyatt together, well, it makes great reading!
Enough is enough. Now is the time to stand up against bullying. Join myself and the entire Young Detroit Show staff on Stand 4 Change Day and be a part of this historic rallying point for the anti-bullying movement.
In Otaku: Japan’s Database Animals, Azuma Hiroki proposes a different model of narrative consumption. The Japanese title of Azuma’s cultural study, Dōbutsuka suru posutomodan: Otaku kara mita Nihon shakai, is revealing. The first word of this title refers to the concept of “animalization” proposed by Alexandre Kojève in The Roots of Postmodern Politics. This animalization involves the degradation of humans (independent subjects capable of reasoning, directed action, and compassion) into animals (mindless consumers who act on impulses such as hunger and the drive for greater comfort). It is Azuma’s thesis that otaku and, by extension, the society that has spawned them are becoming increasingly animalized. Azuma describes the narrative and cultural consciousness characteristic of otaku through what he calls the database model of narrative consumption.
It said “Except with the approval of the Governor-General…”
About a month ago, David and I joined the band, signed up for a marriage course (Love & Respect, based off the famous book that was actually given to us a wedding present from our wise and wonderful friends, Natalie & Matt E.), and some how I got suckered into playing for the annual women’s retreat. Our lives have gone from Laing-centric surviving the day to day rat-race-lets-just-eat-dinner-drink-wine-and-watch-a-movie-again-honey to having engagements almost every night of the week. As a newlywed couple still honeymooning, it took a lot of will to give up that precious time of it being “just us”, but if anything our marriage and lives are the richer and fuller for it. We’re learning a lot from our marriage course, and have gotten to know some really great couples who have been living in Viet Nam a lot longer than us. We have made 10 new instant friends on the music team, and have been challenged to grow and take leadership when David was asked to sub as leader last week.
How do you get a creamy risotto if you're a vegan? Well, Johanna supplies the answer - you use cauliflower! You boil the cauliflower until soft and then blend it with some of the cooking water and stock powder. You then proceed as normal in making the risotto and near the end add in the cauliflower mixture. Brilliant!
The Krewe of Bacchus carries the various celebrity monarchs and is known for its elaborate floats (and its great souvenirs -thrown indiscriminately to the crowds who are shouting "THROW ME SOMETHING MISTER!")
For the price of just RM39 (if my mind serve me right), it worth of trying!! If at all it doesn’t suit you, please don’t hesistate to send it over to me. I like free stuff..Hahaha..
For the Israelites, with transgression comes impurity. Throughout the year the Israelites, by transgressing their covenantal relationship with God, slowly pollute the Tabernacle. The impurity is drawn to its opposite, holiness, invading and collecting within the holy space. This jeopardises the holiness of the sanctuary, therefore, as the impurity increases, it also jeopardising the presence of the holy God in the midst of the people.
I started with linen cardstock, it's from a Bazzil and it came from open stock and I don't know the color, should pay more attention before I cut them up......and then added the "Lavender Rosebuds" paper by Paper Pizzaz. Next is some white cardstock that I distressed with Ranger's Bundled Sage Ink and some lavender colored scrap paper, name and brand unknown, that I used a Recollection's border punch on both sides. I then took a strip of white cardstock and worked in the background colors with a sponge (Ranger's Distress Inks...Tumbled glass, Wild Honey, and more Bundled Sage) and then used some assorted grass stamps, again with the Distress Inks to get that faded look in Wild Honey, Tea Dye, and Bundled Sage. Time for the focus stamp, Solidago Sprig by Rubber Stampede. I used some Liquid Applique and made tiny dots over the dots on the flower to give it the 3D effect and colored them with Copid markers in different shades of Violet. Then matted it on a rich brown cardstock, adhered it with Dimensional tape, added some ribbon, a bow and some pearls from Studio G. Viola, a nice note card...Ooops forgot about the butterfly.....have to have a butterfly in there. I took a Medium Butterfly punch from Fiskars and used it on some scrap black cardstock, folded it in half, took a smaller Butterfly stamp from Inkadinkado, colored in the wings and cut them apart and glued them to the black, positioned it on the card and added a little antennae with a black Fine Sharpie. Sorry for boring you, but from other Blogs I think you have to get the credits in there! Will try to simplify it in the future.
Go, just go
Hel learns that the general who raised him is being held as a prisoner of war by the Russians and faces an ignominious show-trial for war crimes, and decides that the only way he can show his gratitude for the man's raising him in Shanghai is to kill him and help him avoid the embarrassment of the trial. He achieves this through his skills at the art of "Naked/Kill", a martial discipline that trains in the use of ordinary items as instruments of death. Hel is then tortured by the Americans and held in solitary confinement without trial, Hel being a citizen of no country. In prison, his physical and mental discipline, along with studying the Basque language from some old books abandoned by a missionary, help him to retain his sanity, although, due to the torture and drugs used in his interrogation, he is no longer able to fully escape mentally and reach his state of peaceful ecstasy. He even develops, in his solitude, a "proximity sense" through which he is aware of any being drawing near (along with its amicable or hostile intentions), and which also allows him to find his way in complete darkness.
Here are some of the things I'm eying at Sephora:
what do the geese
Veteran Toronto Expo enthusiasts likely will find the show-exclusive set created for next week to be the best one yet, for it includes sequentially numbered rookies, unique memorabilia cards featuring towels used during the NHL All-Star Game (with swatches big enough to use following a post-game shower), a whole new roster of one-of-a-kind sketch cards, instant-win redemption cards good for autographed memorabilia and so much more.
My Round the Bible in 40 Days project is gathering a good head of steam and I’ve just OK’s it’s material to go on the Caledcote site, where they have a great section on Bible resources already. With their permission, read on to see it how it goes:
I am betting that if we cut administration, paid teachers on according to their abilities, the ones that loved their jobs would be making 6 figures. I would be happy with that.
“Let Steve be here soon and please let me get fucked!
When it’s an event that cracks you open, whether good, or bad, it can be a scary place to be. It all depends on how much love you have within you, around you. How much you are willing to embrace this new place with love, grounding yourself without holding onto anything, or anyone.
The last time I hit up a free comic book day Oni Press released the first issue of one of my favorite comics, The Sixth Gun. This year, Oni Press has another first issue offering, Bad Medicine. I'm not sure what this one is all about but there's a headless dude on the cover, and it's published by Oni, and it was free, so yeah, I'll check it out.
Do you know what makes the prison disappear? Every deep, genuine affection. Being friends, being brothers, loving, that is what opens the prison, with supreme power, by some magic force. Without these one stays dead. But whenever affection is revived, there life revives. Moreover, the prison is sometimes called prejudice, misunderstanding, fatal ignorance of one thing or another, suspicion, false modesty".
vehicle accident. It was a head-
“GET OUT!”
I work much better with specifics and examples than theory, so here is an example from my own spreadsheet.
Meanwhile, in the loud silence from the legal beagles in San Francisco, can you hear the echoes of the persecution of those athletes at Duke? Obviously none of them had a “prominent local physician” as one of their daddies.
Well, my family doctor has been great. He is the one that found Romy's brain bleed in a matter of days, and he instantly took me seriously as well....he tested my kidneys, liver, thyroid, and several other things...
When you date, you are not exclusive. No one is committed. You are getting to know each other. Courting is when you agree to be monogamous. Marriage is the final step when you agree to share your lives. Now I can’t speak for all women, but after a few relationships I developed my own little list of things I ask myself while dating to determine if this man is someone I would want to be courted by. Though it may not always seem like you have a choice here.. you do. Let me explain…
The one that sounds great
Vengeful people set out to find the Benders, but it seemed that they vanished into thin air, never to be seen again. Are they perhaps part of the ghostly apparitions that appear at the site of the grisly murders? Or are those just the lost souls that have yet to be found?
Building Your Business
Jake has started Kinder in Cooktown two days a week and Ella is 'hanging' to start at day care next week. She will go the same two days Jake is at Kinder and the other days Max and I will look after them with the assistance of a nanny, for those busy moments!
I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel: Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ. But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed. For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.
–Actually, side note, I’m way out of Brad Pitt’s league. Have you seen that man recently? What happened to Fight Club Brad Pitt? Oh yeah, HE GOT MARRIED. Just one more reason I don’t believe in women.—
Sunday at 1 p.m., the Knicks take on Atlanta then ABC shows the Thunder roaring into Los Angeles to face the Lakers at 3:30 p.m.
-Finding myself "drawing a blank" when someone greets me (especially if it's a big greeting, like opening to a hug upon approach)
Sometimes the silence
Jerry Don Gleaton
Prison officials use the revenue from the purchases to keep the sprawling operation running. The profits, they say, fund inmate education and recreation, television equipment and the prison newspaper, The Echo.
Anyway, Happy Birthday Hsing! Hope you (and Avery and Chenchi) enjoyed the cupcakes!
Over this past week, we have been having crazy weather from cold to warm back to cold (got of love spring weather). Over this past weekend and Monday; we have been getting summer like weather going as high as 31C/87F (of course the next day it would go back to single digits or the mid 30sF).
By going with two, the Labour Party has left the door open to voters to vote for Glasgow First Candidate and independent both former Labour councillors.
The conditioning sounds weird. That story about pulling a flat pint and then a head magically appearing a few seconds later is bizarre. How that could happen, I've no idea. But I guess that it's connected with the wort system of priming.
The new dynamic text field on the stage in Flash.
Bottom line is, there has to be REALITY IN FICTION. Only way for a reader to truly believe in the journey.
The point is, I’ve been conditioned since music class in elementary school to follow the bouncing ball.
Side volume keys
Sometimes I have to remind myself of this.
will creak open to reveal the latest treasures from the artists of EHAG.
“What happened?” I asked Bug. “Were you bothering the dog?”
What about the photos you post on facebook and your profile pictures across social media? If a picture is worth 1,000 words, what does your profile pic say?
1) How to sew, Mom is a seamstress. An excellent one! Somehow she managed to teach me how to sew. I hate patterns and just like to create. Any idea what that can do to a seamstress!?
But I didn’t! I left 1/4 of the salmon there and some of the cauliflower. I did eat all of the cold broccoli salad cause it was delish! And I left quite a bit of my salad too. It was just a nice day to see myself not have to eat. I felt like a size 00 girl even though I’m still rollin in my size 12s.
In this article the names of four famous musicians who either had perfect pitch or possibly had it, Beethoven, Ella Fitzgerald, Mozart and Jimi Hendrix are mentioned. The author Ed Douglas does not mention that two of these musicians also experienced coloured music synaesthesia (drug use could have been the cause of Hendrix’s colours). We do not know if Mozart had synaesthesia (my intuition tells me he did), but there has been much speculation over the years that Mozart might have had a range of different neurological peculiarities or disorders. Douglas mentions that Hendrix and Mozart both had an extraordinary savant-like memory for music. Hendrix, Mozart and possibly also Beethoven were left-handed.
Schumer is asking the New York State Restaurant Association (NYSRA) to encourage member restaurants to offer locally-brewed beer on their menu. In addition to getting more beers into restaurants close to where it is brewed, Schumer will be pushing the New York City members of the NYSRA to consider offering beers brewed across Upstate New York and Long Island. While some beers like Genesee and Saranac have gained popularity in the downstate market, Schumer and New York brewers believe this market is vastly underutilized and represents the chance to dramatically grow craft brewing across the state.
We'll be using this diet to help treat ADHD, but I don't think this diet would hurt anyone. It's really just cutting out artificial flavors, colors, additives, and preservatives. Think back a couple generations when store shelves weren't inundated with all this highly processed food. Today everything contains neon colors, artificial flavors, and man made preservatives. Cereal with artificial preservatives, crazy colors and fake flavors, yogurt with artificial flavors, colors, and sprinkles, bread made from flour that has had all the nutrition bleached out of it are in everyone's home. Now think about how many kids get diagnosed with ADD/ADHD and autism (just to name a couple) now as opposed to a couple generations ago. Now, I'm not saying that artificial ingredients in food is solely to blame for this, but it does make one think, doesn't it? It just seems to me that there could be a correlation between the two and if you can afford it, it may help to eliminate some of these artificial ingredients in favor of more natural, organic ones. And taking the junk out of your diet won't do any harm, so it doesn't hurt to try. (Although I admit, if it weren't for my son with ADHD, I probably wouldn't give it a second thought and I'd feed my kids Fruit Loops, waffles with fake maple-flavored syrup, and Kool-Aid for breakfast.)
This I have been doing non-stop since last Friday. The issue here is instead of remembering it was supposed to be one last meal, I have been quite focused on eating whatever "prohibited" food (emphasis mine) one last time. After a week of bacchanalia I feel pretty shitty.
we met up with our friend Mr. Knight.
No, at its worst, because there’s NOTHING good that will ever come out of that kind of attitude.
What is so awesome about Grammarly is that it does more than point out the errors: it tells you how to correct them with detailed error descriptions and correction advice, and citation suggestions, and even provides vocabulary enhancement tools.
Brown, short-sleeved linen jacket, Forever 21. White lace blouse, Newport News. Lime cami, NY & Co. Brown and white skirt, Andre Oliver (thrifted). Daisy brooch, thrifted.
In the grand scheme of things, plantar fasciitis is hardly the worst thing that could happen to a body of my vintage. It still pisses me off, though. Anything that threatens my ability to take a daily health walk is threatening my ability to stay sane and fight the belly tire.
For me, nothing makes a drama more enjoyable than instantly falling in love with the couple. I can’t say this has happened yet especially as I’m not-so-secretly hoping that she falls for the younger brother. But I’m not a stubborn viewer and will gladly switch ships once I find them compelling enough. So here’s to hoping Ah Jung and Ki Joon soon show me why they should be together.
ALSO – Remember ‘That Guy King’ is out TOMORROW!!!
Of course, the very most important habit to start with, if it isn't already there, is the habit of obedience. This is most easily taught if it is started when they are a baby, big enough to get into things they oughtn't. You tell them "no," and then you must follow through in not allowing them to do whatever it is, every. single. time. When starting new habits, you must choose what you feel is the most urgent to start with, then have a little talk with them (at a non-emotional time, as in, when they are getting in trouble, you don't give them a lecture about how expectations will be different from now on). You get them when they are happy, and just let them know what it is you want to work on, what will be expected, and that you have confidence in them to do it. Then you work on it with them, only giving gentle reminders to help them stay on track. It usually takes several weeks of effort to get a new habit down, and will need occasional work thereafter to be sure it stays in place. After you feel they have the first habit established, then you can add another one of the next most importance, and so on. It does take effort on your part to make sure the new habit is followed through every time, or it won't fall into place, so you may want to give yourself a little more time on the first ones, as you make a habit of habit-training!
Upland opened in 1998 and has grown its brand across Indiana and parts of the Midwest. Head brewer Caleb Staton’s beers can be found on tap and in bottles at several locations around Indianapolis (including Lucas Oil Stadium and Victory Field) as well as at their Indianapolis tap room.
1. Cut the chicken breasts into small pieces (about 5-6 cm in length) and dip in the seasoned flour.
Hope you're having a sunny day!
nectar or power or love or only heat.
Georgette: "Here you go! Bye now!"
Circumstances, waning memory, and my eagerness for this reading resulted in our inadvertantly missing the Gary Shteyngart reading at BookCourt on Thursday. We showed up a day early (ouch) and then a prior commitment prevented a return for what was no doubt a funny and highly literate evening at the always delightful BookCourt on Court and Pacific. I read a digital chapter of Shteyngart's new tome, Super Sad True Love Story, and was again enthralled by the humor, speed and sheer literary brio of the book. Ironically, I read the digital sample chapter on the Kobo app on my BlackBerry on the way to what I thought would be the reading on Wednesday evening.
Rex Reed, THE NEW YORK OBSERVER
Connie McCotter
Bourgogne Cotes-du-Couchois
Here in Wisconsin, the spring turkey season lasts from early April through late May, but an individual permit is for one designated week (Wednesday to Tuesday) in one designated Zone (1-7). I had Period B, Zone 5, which put me in northeast Wisconsin in the third week in April. Applying for that season (applications are due in December) can be a bit dicey – we often have snow on the ground or falling from the sky that time of year up here – but it’s also a beautiful time to be out in the woods. Plus, a lot of people don’t like being cold so there’s a better chance of getting that week, and since I had never applied for a permit before I wanted to improve my odds. I don’t like being cold, either, of course, but I have plenty of cool weather clothing!
Anyway, I spent the afternoon,
What grows within thy sacred womb is it the flowers that in spring, soon will bloom.Truly you look fit to burst, winters’ cold icy blasts have held back all life now with your waters you will quench their thirst.
People are not very bright.
Recommended for: Ages 14 and up, cross-over adult book (should be YA)
Hey, everybody! I'm back with my second post for the day. This time, I'm sharing a card and a Copic tutorial I created for the Color Me Copic Club.
When he told me that he was leaving for Taipei, these macarons were the first that came to mind, hehehe... been wanting to try them for ages, well..Pierre Herme's, Laduree's and a lot more in Paris too, but the is more accessible... for now.
Oh, and somewhere, the Braves were playing the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Step 4: The hardest part about this particular chair were these buttons. I bought hardware called Cover Button Refill. This allowed me to use the same fabric as the rest of the chair for my buttons. The hard part was putting the buttons on the chair. It would have been nice to have a super extra long needle with a very wide eye to string these buttons on, but we didn't have one and I don't even know if they exist, so we got creative. We used a long skinny screwdriver to stab through the thick chair. We then taped the button parts onto the screwdriver and pulled it back through to the back of the chair and into place. Hard work! If there is an easier way, I would love to know.
Did my one-year-old just tell the bishop that he didn't want a prophylactic!?
Bertram, or whoever he was, was doing his darndest to get through to me. He was practically jumping up and down and shouting, and he was putting a great deal of pressure on me. I didn’t like it one bit, and I held on to Orion for dear life, asking over and over, “Is this OK? Is this going to be a problem? Should I be working with this guy?” I couldn’t get a clear answer. I didn’t have the sense that Bertram was evil or malicious, but he was coming on awfully strong, and considering my previous negative experiences, I wanted to be cautious. I didn’t want to overreact or freak out, though, and I held a center of calm as best I could.
Her Visions Lead Her To Danger
People need to be noticed, to be seen as valid participants in society, to be needed by somebody else in meaningful ways. People need to be seen and feel valued, not just noticed in a distracted way, in passing glances whilst we whizz along doing other things we find important.
Garden paths are not walking paths for kids; they are mazes, designed for getting lost. Quickly. Let them. The funny thing about kids is that eventually, they get hungry. Or thirsty. They’ll find you.
‘Working-class, often Latino, parents would be denied child tax credit refunds if they lack Social Security cards proving they are authorized to work in the U.S’.
In a medium saucepan, spray oil and sauté garlic. Add chipotle chiles, chili powder, cumin, chicken broth, tomato sauce, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 5-10 minutes. Set aside until ready to use.
Elijah Davis is not listed on any of the top recruiting sites, but after today he probably should. Davis poured in a team-high 25 points in 27 minutes off the bench, while also grabbing 11 rebounds. Davis was the difference for the Celtics, as he was one of just two players to score in double digits.
I chose the bad side of the wood in case I left the finish woodsy. The other side was like brand new and we can't have that! :)
In this same article Gilbert and Ito Yuki offer translations of some haiku by this generation of persecuted poets, all of which, naturally, are a little on the dark side — but exhibit the same freshness of approach as my previous examples:
Remember to say what prize you would like. You can choose either one of my books or some of my tacky merchandise.
I learnt my lesson with my Facebook friends. I had hundreds. Many hundreds. But then I couldn't find the people I cared about in all the news rushing onto my feed. So I culled. I applied the BBQ rule - if I wouldn't invite them to a barbie, then they were cut from the list. Quality over quantity.
I am nowhere special. Just at a coffee shop during the lunch rush on any old Monday. So few people are alone. A Mom and son sit across from me, heads nodded together in complicity. A newish couple behind me flirting: "You're hi-lar-ious" he just punches out into the sky, drawing out the syllables until she smiles unwillingly. Just beyond two co-workers, one shy enough that she laughs into her palm with a "Woowoowoo" like a cartoon ghost, her companion reacts with a hair shake and a whinny.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRANNY, We love you!
for a man who presides over me
But that wasnt the end of my troubles and there is a MAJOR GLITCH in Youtubes system at the mo which prevents thousands of people not being able to upload over 15 minute long videos amongst other issues but I wont bore you any more with my problems with getting these videos done. Put it this way though......with the mood Ive been in over these videos and if I had have gotten my hands on a YT helpy person thingy.....I may have made them pee their Y-fronts! Heehee..........can you even imagine me being peeved with someone, lol. Sounds funny I know, heehee....but it does happens......sometimes, lol.
Dark cherry color. Big cherry smell. Tart cherry taste. There is more though, mostly funky aromas and flavors. Mostly the same since it was bottled, just a bit less sweet than I remember. I wonder if the wine yeast I used at bottling killed off the Sacc. and Brett?
Wolfgang Hampel, author of the Betty MacDonald Biography and winner of the first Betty MacDonald Memorial Award founded Betty MacDonald Fan Club and Society in 1983. We are the largest Betty MacDonald Fan Club in the world - with members in 35 countries. Join our wonderful international Betty MacDonald Community!
Where can we admire and purchase your art?
The attack on Mr Abbas, delivered in the rabbi’s weekly sermon, also prompted chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat to condemn the remarks as “an incitement to genocide”.
Moon and I jump up onto a stool and perch politely.
Photo by I-shot Photography/ Venue: Glass Garden/ Coordination: Ria Madamba of One Wish
No real agenda, merely things I like being available: posts that capture, in some way or other, the ethos of what this blog is supposedly all about.
Row 1- sc in 2nd ch from hook and each.(15)
Now before we go any further, let's distinguish between the word realistic, which means dealing with the world as it actually is, dark side and all; and the word naturalistic, which means imitating nature. Realistic is about content; naturalistic is about style. Robert Altman movies are naturalistic; Company and Next to Normal are realistic.
I can't believe it's hard
With diabolical wit, the author of TANATALIZE revisits a deliciously dark world where vampires vie with angels — and girls just want to have fangs.
Roll between two sheets wax paper until it is ¼-1/8 inch thick.
Never knowin' what love could be
2 ounces (60 grams) Candied orange peel - chopped (optional) (How to make candied orange peels can be found here.)
Shopping is something that I really enjoy doing. I take my time and try to pick out just the right thing for everyone. The purchases that I make for myself are few and far between, but when it comes to the things I regret purchasing...they were generally purchased for me!
And you're back out on the street.
First off, why didn't someone tell me about how great Cedar Creek was.
In my practices, you see, they are very different things. To say that I worship, does not say a word on my witch practices. To say that I am a witch, that I work magic, does not say a word on my religious beliefs. My ways of worship or prayer.
Hah!! More readers? I think I need to think of ways to have LESS. Poor POOR folk having to wrestle with lavatories and huge turds. Vomit in handbags. I mean, it's just not NICE. The very kind lady at the conference talked about Key Words and Links and such. I decided there and then to have none of that nonsense. I just want my Blog Mates (and you REALLY ARE!)to come along and read my Bollocks, and then I'll come along and read Yours. If you see what I mean.
It will be worth it. (Romans 8:28)
I think Rosalie succeeds in capturing Anna's voice really well and she and her parents come across as fully-formed characters. Interwoven within Anna's story is a sub-plot about her friend Joe, which I felt was a little rushed and could have been developed more, but nevertheless added another level. These strengths helped outweigh the slight isssue I had with the character in the park who seemed very stereotyped and the conclusion of Joe's problems but they certainly don't detract from the book in any way.
Cayce picked up photography again in Selma, Alabama. He also opened a Sunday school. In his spare time, he gave readings and his wife Gertrude asked the questions while he “slept.” Later, Cayce hired a secretary, Gladys Davis, to write down all the information given in the readings.
Further, according to plaintiff’s application, the default of defendants Valentin and Ruiz began with the nonpayment of principal and interest due on January 1, 2007. Yet, four months later, plaintiff HSBC was willing to take an assignment of the instant nonperforming loan. The Court wonders why HSBC would purchase a nonperforming loan, four months in arrears?
Success is rarely random. A poorly organized marketing plan rarely leads to a successful conclusion. It's better to be organized with a meticulous approach to avoid wasting time and money. In other words it's a good idea to get all of your ducks in a row as the saying goes.
So… Football! Tomorrow! Just hours away! Y’all ready? I’ve just had a sign that, I think, bodes well for our future. Long story short, I was poised to help a friend move into a new place this weekend. But then I received a text from her telling me that “I’m off the hook : )” because movers have been hired.
The Flying Monkeys were so happy for a new leader!
In 1851, the Oatman family embarked on a long journey to California to find a better life. When they entered the Arizona Territory, the Oatmans and other members of their party met with all kinds of difficulties. After their supplies were about exhausted, some in the group decided to stay in Tucson, but the Oatmans and a couple other families decided to push on.
Instead, I envisioned breaking it up into three parts and making a continual branch on three separate canvases.
And tomorrow, I am having a photo session to get professional head shots taken for my business cards. Aside from that, I am just going to R-E-L-A-X tomorrow before another work week. Here are some OOTDs from last week:
My first thought when I heard about Secret Obsession was that it is based around such an interesting concept. I have read a lots of books where there is cheating involved but never have a read a book where one of the characters becomes so obsessed with her sisters husband that she tries to steal him for herself. I really thought this was a great premise, and looks at the 'bad' side of relationships. Secret Obsession is a short read, that is fast paced throughout. The plot moves quickly and I kept turning the pages desperate to know what extremes Paige would go to next and exactly what was going to happen. There is a scene at the beginning of the book that made me very uncomfortable reading it, however if you can past it the scene really sets the tone of just how far Paige is willing to go to get what she wants. I have to admit that I did not enjoy the epilogue. I thought that after such a real, hard hitting, emotional storyline the epilogue tied things up too perfectly. I would have liked to see things end slightly differently to keep with the overall tone of the book.
They have made a come back and I must say I am ready for them!
Department of Homeland Security
Trusting myself. One of the hardest things to do. Today I find myself unable to “buy” the explanation T offered me. It does feel like a kind of re-victimization. If something doesn’t work, in this case my therapy with T – it has to be my fault. The reason for its failure has to lie within me. I know I have issues, and plenty of them, I’m just not so sure this is one of them. And frankly, the more I think about it, the more arrogant I think it is of T to just dismiss my concerns and label them transference. To his credit, he did ask me if I could remember him behaving inappropriately – which he hasn’t. Not inappropriately in the true meaning of the word. Just – arrogant. So quick to slap labels on every single little thing.
Ben has been playing musical bedrooms with all of us, but he seems to find his way into Cole’s room the most. Lonnie and I often peek in on our way to bed and find Ben curled up at Cole’s feet. I guess there really *is* something about a boy and his dog. He also has no qualms about finding his own space within the family. He commandeered Zoey’s pillow during a recent family movie night. :-)
Rock Lobber
and I forgot what it said!
Of course I've been sending my new books to agents, and have been accepted by one. Thank you god. I got the local newspaper editor to edit my book, and he did a great job, a better job than the New York editor who edited my first book.
I am VERY excited about this, clearly. It represents a very big milestone, a massive success, a real sense of sticking to my goals.
Dania Suarez, 24, spoke in an exclusive interview to W Radio in Colombia, and told listeners in Spanish that one of the agents, identified as Arthur Huntington, was ‘heavily intoxicated.’
I also got to eat, after almost a decade away, at the area's iconic crawfish joint, Hawk's, which is, as their t-shirts and ads proudly say, "in the middle of nowhere." It is indeed almost impossible to find, even with a Cajun in the car, and at one point we wound up driving into someone's (dry, fortunately) rice field. My friend Dickie laughed at me for sticking my camera into the food, but nine months later, I can click on the photo and remember how good those 'bugs were.
Members at New Life Church are not quick to question God’s authority, said one young worshiper. So when a gunman dawns on the church campus and causes the death of two teenage sisters before being shot down by a church security guard, the church isn’t angry or in despair and asking God “why?”
Two months later Polayya was paid out by his insurance company, which was just enough to settle his outstanding loan amount, leaving Polayya out of pocket.
But the human said, "Only twenty years? I'll hold on my twenty. Could you possibly give me the forty the cow gave back, the ten the monkey gave back, and the ten the dog gave back; that makes eighty, okay?"
♥ Paulette
And kicked me in the bollocks.
Do atrocities against civilians increase the willingness of the UN to deploy such operations, as demanded by the concept of R2P? The question of the conditions under which peacekeeping operations are established has been discussed from many perspectives, as summed up by Gilligan & Stedman (2003). Some scholars stress major powers' interests and "imperialistic motives", and it has in this tradition been claimed that UN operations are established in countries where the permanent members of the UN Security Council have national interest or major powers have raw material interests. Other approaches emphasize an interest in establishing democratic regimes as a motivating factor. Another major strand of thought claims that it is not outside countries' interests that are important, but rather the needs - in terms of war casualties and conflict durability - of the war-torn countries, and thus altruism rather than egoism on the part of the great powers. Still other approaches highlight the alleged importance of, e.g., a "CNN effect", the presence of a peace agreement, type of conflict, and the number of warring parties.
So its all relative, huh?
“I know everyone’s been speculating about what we will do.
I cannot wait to fill the Easter baskets! It is one of the best parts of being a Mommy, getting to do all those fun things. I have some candy melts to make some molded candy, perhaps Camille and I will make some of those today. We are stranded home again because Joe took the Big Van, so yay, we are not going anywhere!
Plus it's an excuse to make Cake!
Today I had the sudden realization there is an actual, live, growing human being inside me. A REAL one. That will come out some day. .. .as a baby . . .and live with us . . .and turn into one of the little people we have running rampant in our house.
While it does not discuss a natural habitat, this activity highlights the habitats created for animals at a zoo. Design your own panda habitat exhibit at the Smithsonian National Zoo. This is a creative activity to explore the needs of the pandas to survive in a habitat at a zoo. By choosing the trees, water sources, food sources, and enrichments, you learn the various plants, shelter, and food pandas need to survive and have fun. When your habitat is finished you have the chance to watch the panda enjoy your habitat.
Well...many, many pounds later (for both of us), and some health issues for my sweet husband, we decided it was time to do something. For me? Strength and cardio workouts, no carbs, no sugar. For him? No more Hardees for breakfast on the way to work, unless it's the low carb breakfast bowl, and that expensive Starbucks habit is kaput. I make him a salad every morning for his lunch, and he works out when he gets home. It's working like a charm so far, we're losing steadily and I've even found some "cheats" that make me happy! For example:
Example: A player captures the enemy stronghold to win the game, having lost 4AP of troops in the process. The winner gets 24 (Loser's full army value) + 24 (Own army value) - 4 (Own losses) = 44 points. The loser gets 4 (Killed enemy elements) + 24 (Own army value) - 24 (Own losses) = 4 points.
1 games
Iran, as these psychopaths like to point out, is isolated from the world. Well that is not nearly the reality, as it still carries on very active trade with Russia, India, China and Japan, not to mention close relations with a large host of South American leaders, to include the critical Brazilians and Argentinians. In truth Iran is only isolated from the Western financial institutions.
“Cluck, cluck,” he said. Bantum, however, was busy with his own thoughts at the time, all one of them, and so he missed the brilliant chicken’s scholarly commentary entirely.
-Magnet
Well, now, that was an easy enough change to make. :)
I’ve been fascinated by the idea of moebius knitting ever since a friend of mine sent me a video by Cat Bordhi which illustrates the cast-on method that makes it work. I’ve sat on the idea for over a year now, and last night, as I looked through my stash, I decided it was time to get started. So far, so good… I’ll post progress pictures soon.
Up a steep flight of narrow, paint-splattered stairs, past a hairball of exposed wires and a groaning clothesline, his “election center” bedroom is jammed with old newspapers, dusty trophies and a flat-screen television blaring news in Hindi. A small bit of peach fuzz partially obscures the flag tattoos covering his skull.
Dandelions have a special place in my heart...and seem to think they can homestead all over my lawn.
The only way to victory is to fight: The bigger the battle, the greater the victory. Fight for it!
And, I did.
The insured is now facing the most psychologically-devastating event of his career. He is used to being the breadwinner—supporting his family and their lifestyle. Accustomed to being 100 percent healthy, he is now facing a nightmare. He’s no longer a vice president. He’s now a claimant who needs to trust that his LTD insurer will treat him well. He has a natural apprehension about insurance companies. Many people have experienced difficulty when filing a claim or read a negative article about a company not paying their claims.
Like most dorks, all this information got me hungry for food and more information, so I went seeking tarts. I couldn’t find a single one. I live in Portland, Oregon, a foodie town of legendary proportions. People sell ceviche out of old school buses here. Numerous food carts sell vegan phō. Even though my city sits some three hundred miles south of the international border, I couldn’t find Canada’s national dessert at any local bakery. In the absence of the real thing, I emailed my longtime friend Dayna in Toronto. She’s a flight attendant for Air Canada and has traveled all over her country. What did she think of these beloved tarts? Did she have a favorite place that I could get them in Vancouver? “They are indeed a staple in every Canadian’s house, especially over the holidays,” she said. “I don’t think there is a special spot for them, they are just everywhere.” She buys them for her boyfriend at the supermarche but doesn’t like them herself. They’re too sweet. “My Mom used to make them for the holidays and I’d convince her to make me a special batch. Scrap the butter filling for jam instead. I was spoiled with special treatment which is why I didn’t really love them like I’m supposed to maybe.” Since I couldn’t just pop up to Canada to find some tarts. I had to make some myself.
Alex is only intermittently present in the real world. She has lead a Saxon shield wall into battle, toiled as a Georgian kitchen maid, and recently taken up an 800 year old form of English folk dance, but she still hasn’t learned to operate a mobile phone.
All eleven disciples were present and we note their solidarity of purpose: they were all of one mind and they continued with one accord. It is true that they were waiting for the Holy Spirit and the gifts of the Holy Spirit and in the meantime they were worshipping God with prayer and supplication. They wanted to be ready, well equipped and prepared for the empowering that was coming. What else could they do? Nothing draws a body of believers together more than a purposeful prayer meeting.
Torrey Pines Park, Murrieta
"Oh", she replied, "I forgot to look at the directions." She dug back into her box, and pulled out the direction booklet.
Johanna has a beautifully curated collection of vintage sewing machines out on display for all to enjoy, though you have to get into her apartment first. All Johanna needs is a gift shop and handicapped access and she could start charging admission. Sadly, she lives in a walk-up.
At this point this symptom of “NCLB” is STILL screaming at me, chanting you guessed it. WHORE!
03 Mirror Me
Piers Morgan Tonight
in a woman. I do think androgyny is a world movement. Whether people
Final Thought of the Day: A friend says I look thinner. Now THAT feels great.
On my artist date I took inspiration from this weeks task to choose five ideal lives. These were mine:
With that, I finally conclude this message.
Our loving Savior and Lord -Hess
This guy should have had a pulpit slammed right in front of him the second he got to his feet because this man was nothing less than a fire and brimstone preacher of the Truth. First thing I said to myself when he became a shining city on a hill was “Yeah…this guys packing heat.” I almost thought we were going to pass a collection plate around as Heath book, chapter and versed the old guard with a healthy portion of the gospel of liberty by breaking down that their point of us not knowing what we were doing was moot because ole Kevin over there appears to be doing this thing by the book…with a smile…a calm, cool, collected serial killer smile. This neo-John the Baptist erupts with righteous indignation towards the chairmen letting him know that it has not gone unnoticed that his “seasoned wisdom” that only wants to show us the way has only reacted to Kevin and his ilk with nothing but spurious venom since this whole thing began which not only was uncalled for but evidence that the ones having trouble understanding the rules and the point of this whole process was in fact the high pants club. All I’ve got to say about Heath after his echo of the original Baptist gangsters that made up a large chunk of the first revolutionary black robe brigade that gave us the first amendment is to steer clear of young, curvaceous ladies hauling chargers around.
Thursday, December 27
This, above all, is what every Mass, every Remembering, every Thanksgiving, proclaims – often, it would seem, in the face of the evidence. When men like my father, who were involved in a war at the peril of their lives, and at the peril of their wives’ and children’s happiness, went to a Mass being said on top of ammunition boxes, they were pretty clear as to the war between love and death – they could see it dramatised in front of them. And in the same vein, when, as in the Gospel passage for today, our Lord asks his fragile friend and servant Peter whether he really loves him, this is not some kind of social flirtation: it is the question asked by a man who has died at the hands of Mars, asked of another man who had earlier caved in to the hands of Mars. Jesus’ question to Peter is not only, ‘do you love me?’ but ‘do you – really, seriously, as a grown-up and often scared person – believe in love enough to stake your life on it?’
* Transfer to a spouse, lineal descendant or charitable organization is tax-free; transfers to children-in-law are taxed at 11% to 16%; all other transfers are taxed at 15% to 16%
I'm glad I am "just what he's stuck with".
Yeah, I did. I was standin' over there by the tomaters, (pronounced as "domaters")
As I explained in a previous post, I didn't have much choice. I'd allowed him to assume that I'd work very late finishes followed by very early starts. My fault really, but the occasional overnight turned into more than a few. And he's not the type with whom I can logically explain my reasoning. Upon receiving a booking, he'll look to fill the driver slot with the least work possible on his behalf. Until now, that meant calling me.
Some teens only heard that brilliant guitar and Krist Novoselic's bass and Dave Grohl's drums, and didn't figure out what Cobain was screaming out to the world until they got older. I could dance to it. We could all dance to it. Most rock music didn't allow that. I myself was a hip-hop girl, and called a "wigger" for it because white girls in rich, preppy schools weren't supposed to love that music as much as I did. I wasn't rich or preppy, and had to defend myself a lot. I could have hidden it. After all, I hid the fact that I also loved country music, if it had enough twang and wasn't too poppy. But I hated hiding as much as I did. Cobain hid in plain sight.
At mile 24 I had another friend who was waiting for me with her big brown dog. She made a really funny sign that said something along the lines “Don’t stop running, the dog farted”. I enjoyed this laugh and better than that she gave me a beer. If I wasn’t going to get a good time I was at least going to enjoy the rest of my run. The Miller Light with the screw on caps, greatest invention ever. So I just ran with a beer in my hand. I got a few odd looks but I didn’t care at this point.
This is the front cover of the folder--the sentiment is from PTI's "Take Note" set ringed with nestability cut-outs and the yellow was embossed with a CB folder. The folder ties closed with a matching ribbon.
His most memorable law, and where I'm going with this, was "Systems of Regulations created as a management surrogate take on a life of their own and exhibit a growth history which closely parallels other living entities observed in nature". He went on to show the number of pages in armed forces procurement regulation vs. time along with a curve of weed growth (from the journal "Weed Science"), and produced a graph any biology student will instantly recognize as the sigmoid growth curve of populations, also called the logistic function.
RADIO:
4. Describe how this project will keep people safe in their communities.
The debut show tonight will be broadcast from inside the 10 Pound Bar at the Montage Hotel in Beverly Hills, CA.
Among all the books and blogs and analysis, an epic cornerstone of how to even begin to think of how we got here — David Graeber's Debt: The First 5000 Years.
"Mater is currently ensconced within the confinement of an establishment built to nurse those that are most vulnerable to matters of the cranium and that which causes untold cognitive shifts in patterns, by fault of the deep Limbic system".
This Fiesta gas grill is spacious enough to meet your grilling needs. It is suitable for preparing a meal for up to four people. With this grill, you will enjoy cooking your favorite meals outdoors.
You know what I mean about going Jelly Brained? I sometimes find myself:
- Fresh whole white mushroom 454 g package $1.98 each (Canada)
Margaret Fulton is an Australian living legend. She first brought the world of international cuisine to Australia back in the late 1960's and early 1970's. This was my first ever cookbook I bought as a 'grown up' in my late teens. I don't refer to it as much anymore. Most of the things are very retro and still great to make but I keep it as a reminder of my just how my cooking journey began.
Allen & Ginter baseball cards first debuted in 1887 and quickly became the most popularly collected cards of the time. They honoured champions from around the world, including boxers, wrestlers, and baseball players.
I had asked Margaret Atwood on Twitter to wave to me and she did indeed give some very good waves - surely one of them was for me?
Marcos Valle - vocals and piano
This weekend, I went away to visit my extended family members. It was pretty far, but definately worth it, after seeing the faces of my wonderful grand - parents! The city they live in, is fairly small, and most definately different from what I am use to, so a little adjusting is ovbiously necessary. Over all, it was a great weekend, well spent!
I had my first ride on the back of a motorcycle at age 15. I was immediately hooked, but it wasn’t till I’d been living in San Francisco for almost a year that a friend of mine at work happened to mention the MSF (Motorcycle Safety Foundation) class. Until then, I had no idea there was a class one could take to learn how to ride; I assumed I’d have to find a patient biker friend. I cut the conversation short, RAN upstairs to my desk, and phoned to reserve a spot in the class.
And did I mention there wasn't really a budget either, since I wasn't technically 'making it over?' Yay for paint and bargain accessories!
I remember a little fellow called Emilio, who used to pay us regular visits when the circus was performing in Mexico City. He would offer to shine shoes for a few pesos and flattered his clients outrageously in the hope of a generous tip.
“Aishh, I feel bad for him.” Added Taeyeon again.
Van Slyke had made it. Someone who I never thought would make it, who was just one of those "ha, ha, look at this, I have FOUR Bowman cards of this guy and he never made it" had actually made it.
Nevertheless, the fact remains. Our feelings come and go, but Christ is risen; he is risen indeed! And if we die with him, we shall also live him. If we endure; we shall reign with him. Let’s celebrate together this Sunday! There will be some rather decent wine. Recognized or not, the Spirit will be there with us. It will be Easter 3.
Watching them, I found myself thinking a lot about God and His love for us. He has a bottomless supply of patience, too. With all of us. Even those of us who can be quite challenging.
- earth - angels of darkness, demons of light ii - southern lord - 2012 (lp)
In other news, the Doctor Who scarf looks the same, just longer (I’m almost finished). Ellette’s socks look the same, just with a few more rounds worked. And I am just about to begin the scarf for my Grandpa.
…is that, it is a phony deadline. It is but a joke (I don’t really want to go but I should);
Certainly it is alive, at least around the Frost Fang Sea and New Halas, where 5 or 6 versions of the zone were running at a time. And there is a lot of new content out there to explore.
Can you believe it is March already!
For those of you who have been missing me, below are a few things that have been going on in my life:
Or I'm ill. Tough call.
Harm reduction is a drug and alcohol counseling term which, I have come to learn, can mean a variety of different things depending on who you are talking to. Harm reduction could mean simply “clean needle exchange”, where i.v. drug users can go to get clean needles for safe delivery of their drugs, and drop off the dirty needles to be properly disposed of. Or it might be a methadone clinic, where they consider methadone to be a less harmful choice than heroin, although I doubt that one completely as methadone is every bit addictive as heroin but 10 times harder and longer to kick. Harm reduction is present in the programs that practice “moderation”, which would include using drugs and/or alcohol with moderation and making less harmful choices, period, but these practitioners/facilities are few and far between. “It’s a political football,” said a doctor friend of mine (one of the few that actually practice harm reduction) and I admire him for going out on a limb with his career, which despite controversy has been very successful. Harm reduction practices are evidence-based, and like 12 step programs, are not for everyone.
Take advantage of our special offer to attend all 5 sessions for just $150, or register for them individually for $75 each. Each registration includes one connection to each Part of the series, but you may gather as many of your staff, board members, and consumers to participate as you like!
The other problem is that establishments change. What can be excellent customer service one day can be unpleasant and unhelpful on another. Hotels become tired... not just in a decorative sense... a stay at the beginning of the season may be entirely different to one at the end. Essentially no visits are ever the same and no two experiences alike. Where you stay colours a trip... it can make or break a holiday. Travelling is expensive and time is precious... so getting the 'where to stay' right is of the utmost importance...
BLACKBERRY AND WHITE CHOCOLATE BROWNIES
I hope you nasty brother puckers come back as cockroaches in the next life.
Doodle parts - more solid leaves to doodle over. The swirls feature a lot in my journaling and are ready doodled for you. Larger toadstools are always a must. The arrows make perfect frames and page corners and the part flower, well what can I say.
Brescoll and Uhlmann (2008) developed an amazing study to look at the expression of emotion and how it can alter how potential employers might judge you. The authors point out that they suspect that a man who shows aggression in the work place could be seen as more assertive than anything else. While an aggressive female in the workplace may actually be seen as, “out of control” compared to the male with equivalent behavior. This is an interesting phenomena, but is there any substance to it? The results may be surprising!
Another small loss on the scales brings my total loss since the start of the year to 3.5kgs - 1.2kg since starting the 12WBT. That is already half way to my goal weight, so will continue to chip away at it!! Hope everyone has had a sucsessful week!
My godmother, Kimmie, asked how close Paul and I are to getting engaged. Truth? In about a year and a half, I would guess. She’s very excited about that, which is very nice.
“She says she has been asked out on more dates in her three years in the country than in 20 years in the city.”
For what? I know its getting harder by the day to recognize but we STILL DO live in America…
I've got a good one for you all today, my friends!
They totally listened to me and chose Disney Princesses and Hannah Montana.
The second half of the show was dedicated to vintage evening dresses and gorgeous, daring lingerie. The only way to describe the underwear (from La Perla, Lascivious and Princesse tam.tam) is decadent and sexy – a parade of black lace and navy satin. The models looked stunning and walked with confidence, helped in part to their gravity-defying ‘dos from Artizan, and while most of the lingerie featured was out of my budget, if it came with a washboard stomach and curves in all the right places, I’d definitely be buying! : ) The vintage dresses included a mix of short 60s shift dresses and longer numbers, like the white 70s Grecian feather dress that floated down the catwalk.
This is my first day of the new working week as we enjoyed a long weekend here in Belgium! Unfortunately the weekend started with some bad weather, it was rather chilly and it rained a lot! We had planned to work in our garden for a few days and although the weather wasn’t excellent, Jan and Anthony started planting boxwood.
You’ll hear the angel cry
And they wanted me to offer you a chance to try some of their pizza yourself,
Comedians get free reign over a lot of topics about which they know squat. They're allowed to be wrong as long as they're funny, although there have been many times in which I've said after hearing a joke "that's not funny. ... And it's wrong."
Senta, meanwhile, grows up to be Orla Boylan - except that she doesn't. She's still living that fairy tale, her emotional world twisted into an alternative reality by the lack of emotional substance around her. She works in a factory making ships in bottles - the set (designed by Paul Brown) is magnificent, with a vast window and plenty of wood suggesting past glories for this Norwegian one-ghost suburb. Her refuge is the image of the Dutchman: her own longing, her own clinging to belief in the redemptive power of love and compassion. There's none of that in her real world. Even Erik (sung by Stuart Skelton, who is an absolute knockout of a Heldentenor) is no answer. He's a security guard at the factory and there's a hint of violence, born of frustration, in his treatment of her; this big guy doesn't know his own strength. And the other girls pick on her: she's the mildly deranged fat lump in the pink dress (Primark?) who pooh-poohs their sluttishness.
Sometimes, I don’t live up to my potential. I fall down, as the imperfect being that I am. I stumble and give way to the instinctual “flight or fight” responses that every living, sentient species has within them. I can be angry, and depressed, and occasionally petty or small-minded.
Today I'm sharing a colourful card that I created for our Sprays & Stains Challenge over at the Seriously Creative Challenge Blog! It was a pleasure getting out my Distress Stains, some resist products and new papers... making something pretty!
Many of us have blogged over last winter about impending changes the Earth may put us through: for most of us those earth-changes were remote: reports from Haiti, Chile, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Turkey. But changes are starting to happen closer to home (Home being the First World).
6. Repeat steps 4 and 5 with second portion of meat, green onions and red onions. Place the watercress in the middle of the serving plate and spoon hot beef and onions on top.
In Indonesia, on Sumatra, two young Norwegians, Andreas G Gjertsen and Yashar Hanstad, assisted by other architects, joined forces with the local community to build a cooperative cinnamon production unit, which doubles up as a training centre for the workforce.
Did I mention that there was a Cooper's Hawk sitting on the birdbath the other day? He was just hanging out, freaking out all the little birds and squirrels while having a through the window staring contest with Busby the cat.
NB: Quite a few people have said they are interested in a seminar on how to integrate their marketing.
nice to see it addressed.
The fact that not every manuscript will sell punctures another common myth: that it's harder to find an agent than it is to get a publishing deal. Publishers have a one-to-one relationship with the manuscripts they acquire: every single manuscript they take on gets published. Agents know that not every manuscript they represent will find a home--but they need enough sales to keep their businesses going. In other words, they need spares. So while a publisher will only take on manuscripts it will publish, an agent will take on any manuscript he or she thinks may sell--within the limits of his or her workload, of course.
What we have seen in England is the tip of the iceberg. The orginal Metroploitan Police Inquiry failed in its public duty to contact the potentially hundreds of scottish victims that they may have been subjected to illegal activities by the News of the World.
My mouth filled with words of love and truth
That album was followed in 1977 with the release of the album “Rumours” which went on to spawn a number of hits and the album also won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
GINGRICH: Well, it would depend on whether the particular kind of payments he made were counted under that plan as capital gains or whether they were counted as regular income. But even as regular income, he would pay about the same. And I’ve said this.
I do believe that God tests you.
Is it entertaining? Mostly. If you suspend your brain for the duration of the movie. Enough said.
Here are the some sneaks photos while were in Boracay.
Some soap makers love to add shea butter in small amounts (5-7% of the total of oils used) because it leaves a small amount of oil in the soap (the parts of the oil that do not transform to a soap, as written above). Some of the components of shea butter are reported to be anti-inflammatory, moisturizing and humectant properties. It also can be used as a sunblocking lotion (but I would’nt DIY with it – not unless you have a tried and tested recipe). Oh, and if you are allergic to latex, watch out with Shea butter, because there might be chance for a cross-allergy (another example for a cross-allergy is that if you are allergic to peaches, you also might be allergic to birch because of the allergens (the substance which the body reacts to in case of an allergy) look a lot alike.
- Once upon a Time
There is a new blog on the block run by one of my blogging friends Mindi- Utah Sweet Savings. Have you been watching the extreme couponing show? {I have} Do you look for a good deal? {I do}Do you like a giveaway? {me}Utah Sweet Savings is the site for you. They collect all the best deals available from the sites such as Groupon but also for brand sites and more so you can go to one place to find it all. Ever wonder how those extreme couponers get everything for free or pretty close to it? Utah Sweet Savings has a series of how to videos for you. They also have a weekly giveaway. This week they have two giveaways. One is a $50 Walmart gift card. The other is two tickets to the Mary Poppins Broadway play! Go check them out. Seriously it's pretty awesome!
We came back to the hostel to get ready for Queen’s day, the Dutch holiday celebrating their queen’s birthday. One might be thinking, .why are you celebrating a dutch holiday in Ecuador of all places?’ Well mon frier, there happens to be 6 Dutch people staying in the hostel. And even stranger is that they didn’t know each other until they came here.
“Prove this whole trickle-down theory to me,” I taunted. “How rising tides raise all boats.” That brought forth a litany of indignation, mostly in two forms. One, things were much better now than they were 100 years ago, owing to the miracle of free market capitalism. OK, sure. But my line of attack wasn’t necessarily directed at the idea of free market capitalism, only how it’s been conducted in the last 30 years or so. Cast your minds back, 50, 60 years ago, to the more immediate post-War era. Where governments taxed the richest of the rich more prodigiously and spent massively on things like infrastructure, established universal health care and sent men to the moon. An era when a single bread winner could buy a house, raise a family, put the kids through college and retire comfortably.
My own duty is that I pray for my partners everyday; not once a month but everyday. And I promise you, my God who had been faithful to me all these years will be faithful to my partners also in Jesus’ name.
As Ratchlet came to give us a hug goodbye, I realized she had tears also! Oh no!! Was everybody going to cry?? They were sick. They weren't having a good time! No need to cry!! Well, they managed to bring the tears under control and went back from whence they came.
Q039) What do you do to get confidence?
The main improvement initiative I’m undertaking currently is to pick up things that have fallen on the ground. I’m still okay with stuff that’s supposed to be down there — pebbles, earthworms, the drunken homeless — but I’m trying to put forth a real effort to make my world a better place with the simple act of bending down and retrieving discarded litter. Some people have chosen to help earthquake victims; I’m thinking that charity begins at home, in an approximately three-foot radius of where I’m standing.
In addition to fashion and beauty experts, you’ll be able to meet with other wedding vendors in the tri-state area, including: Elan Artisits, Fleurs and Classic Party Rentals. Wedding consultants from Always a Bridesmaid will also be available to give you expert planning advice.
two cars in order to get onto my motorway!
I'm beginning to think that Sally-Ann, the owner of DigiStamp Boutique, is psychic, lol! I was busy making cards for a magazine commission earlier today and was thinking that I needed to make a card to send to Jemma, my son's girlfriend. I haven't seen her for a while and she's fed up as she's got chicken pox - not good when you're 26! Whenever she comes to our house, the first thing I do is make her a Dolce Gusto latte in a polka dot mug. Look what arrived in my inbox!!
Eme and Carol baked some cookies. The kids played games. Jake went to Justins house for a while. I know I took a nap for a bit. Ha! Really, it was a lazy day. Nothing much happened. No complaints here.
Despite my best efforts, I remain a poster child for PMS.
"You've built up this idea about me, this ideal, but I'm not that person. I'm not perfect. I am far from perfect. I'm not worth such a beautiful story."
My week – I did a few plein air pieces which is something I haven’t done in a few years and I do want to get back to. Here they are – by the 5th one I was almost satisfied with what I was getting.
Ordered, ate, without very little drama…Hubs sat with the boys in a booth, I had the girls in the next one.
Anyhow.....some random thoughts for today.
My baby girl is 10 months old today. She is so different from her siblings and fits so well in our family.
Fake HD repair tool targets Windows users – In the last year, ransomware infections have taken over from scareware as the cybercriminals’ favorite mode of squeezing money out of their victims, but that doesn’t mean that scareware has disappeared altogether. Avast researchers have recently spotted a piece of fake computer diagnostic software that goes by the name of “S.M.A.R.T. Repair”, which supposedly scans the victim’s machine and “detects” critical hard disk errors
she politely answered, "no thank you, mother."
glass dragons on strings
and self-hatred seems to be an epidemic in the female population. We have bought the lie, sold to us by Madison Ave, by movies, and tv shows and magazines.......we believe that fairy tale of perfection.
Hachi: what are you reading?
As is often the Ale Stars way, our guest was happy to stay back afterwards and chat to the stayers (whose numbers were thin – GABS?) until the bar emptied. It seems to be a pre-requisite that good beer brewers must be generous with their time and affable and charming all the time. Maybe there’s something in the beer ...?
So, hopefully, things will improve and I will have more to show you. As I have no images of my own, I wanted to share the work of Riitta Ikonen, a Finnish performance artist.
Whether through trouble or through pain,
Not too far from its star, not too close. So it could contain liquid water. The planet itself is neither too big nor too small for the proper surface, gravity and atmosphere.
There, I said it. You pervy people who keep coming here looking for that? That ship has sailed. You normal people who keep up with me, you know that my running-around-the-house-naked love affair with Yanni happened last summer; and quite sadly I've now entered into territory where Yanni is the equivalent of Lord Voldemort, or He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. And really, what self-respecting rabid fan would subject her musical sex-symbol-of-yesteryear to the anathema of Generations X and Next? No, not me. The young'uns can have their beat boys and that Fitty Cent guy.
5 July 1991, slight edits 01 November 2008
Today, another product was feathered on the front page of Etsy.com....this time, on Miss May's birthday!
A concept, passion and self-confidence (be a rock star) is key to success.
trinidad postage circa 1900
BE A FOLLOWER OF MY BLOG FOR AN ENTRY
I had a startling experience this morning. It was dark as I walked out to my car this morning. Finding my car and remember where I have parked is always a little bit of a challenge…even in the day light. So, this morning I walked out to my car, and I looked down and noticed that a hub cap was missing!!
The blood-brain barrier, which normally protects your brain from excess aspartate, as well as toxins, is not able to adequately protect you against the effects of aspartame consumption because it:
Indeed, it would be a demonstration of the corporate state in action, defending the broader interests of capitalism against the personal greed of some individual capitalists. It could also have an ideological spin off, demonstrating how capitalism is being run fairly in the common interest.
In Iraq, Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki has touted his success in thwarting Washington's belated (and halfhearted) efforts to keep a significant number of U.S. forces in his country after the end of this year. His coalition partner and fellow Iranian cat's paw, Muqtada al-Sadr, already is boasting that he also will drive out the American contractor personnel who are, for the moment, expected to provide a measure of security after the military withdraws. In that case, we may well see the mullahs' agents take over a U.S. embassy for the second time since 1979 - this one the newest, largest and most expensive in the world.
Our work is not done.
Tie a few strong knots, but do not cut your thread.
The Southern Bridal Expo is scheduled for this weekend. R and I are meeting up with my best friend (and MOH) to check out the vendors and maybe get a few ideas. We are also going to visit a few bridal shops to look at bridesmaid dresses. I'm looking for something pink, maybe in a flowy chiffon fabric. My MOH went last weekend and tried on several dresses so I could get an idea of whats available and one of them was adorable. I can definitely imagine it alongside my dress.
When I was in California last year I noticed that there was such a thing as Sushi Mexican. And no, I’m not referring to cute little tortillas dressed up like sushi. But actual deep fried sushi rolls, seaweed and all, with some guacamole from a tube. I wasn’t sure how to react. I have also accidentally found myself eating at an Italian sushi restaurant, because there’s nothing like a side of raw salmon to accompany a margherita pizza…really? um. Poor sushi, thrown from pillar to post in its adopted homes. Even our local mall has a sushi bar which specialises in nice safe fillings of fried chicken, fried prawn, nothing too sushi-like.
Reading a book about crimes in Chicago.
Viva Riva (Munga)
And if you’ve seen the video of Sweet Brown…AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT….watch it because I can’t help laughing when she gets interviewed!
8) Menu Planning
Completely opposite the saison, this beer was awesome looking. Deep purple almost black and lovely stillness to it. They didn't say how long this was aged in the barrel but it was aged on black wishniak cherries (hence the name) during that time. Pretty sour nose but not as much vinegar as the Phruit Phunk. Started sour up front followed by a huge, sweet black cherry flavor. If you've ever had a black cherry soda, then you have an idea how this one finished. Just tons of black cherry flavor which grew as I drank more. Really great. This was Jo's favorite of the event I believe.
We’ve all heard the jokes about people who drink boxed wine and maybe you even took part in such stereotypical behavior. Well, let’s be fair…boxed wine does seem to have a stigma attached to it. There are great advantages, though:
What about you? Have you exhibited signs of ProG? Beware, my friends…if you have a brain you’re at risk! You may have a full-blown case of ProG, or you may be a carrier…or both. When genetic testing for this new discovery becomes available, I’ll let you know right away…right after I sing a song…
Our goal is to link people together with thoughts and ideas that are uplifting. Now you can join us and share your insights as well! And I can't wait to hear what you have to say!
—-By K. D. Kelly Amazon Reviewer
I’m quite late with this, but better late than never… The sun has been very shy here lately, hiding behind heavy watery clouds. The few times that it did come out, it was probably because I didn’t have my camera with me.
2) The More-Than-Obvious Scorsese Connection - It is certainly no secret that Martin Scorsese is one of the biggest influences on PTA's career, but it is more evident in Boogie Nights than anywhere else in the auteur's oeuvre, and the most obvious Scorsese-influenced connection is to the master's 1990 modern day masterpiece Goodfellas. From the rags to riches and back to rags story arc of Goodfellas' Henry Hill and Boogie Nights' Dirk Diggler to the ever-roaming, ever-moving camera of both films, the long, always-sharp-eyed tracking shots, Anderson shows his prowess as a filmmaker while also honoring his stylistic mentor with a hot-blooded homage. To watch as Wahlberg's wouldbe porn icon weaves his way through clubs and pool parties and recording studios is like watching Ray Liotta leading a wide-eyed, bewildered Lorraine Bracco through the back passages of the Copacabana in Goodfellas. Great stuff indeed.
Konaddicts! I have another swatch of the new plates Konad is coming out with...
Researchers at the space agency believe they have discovered vital clues that appeared to indicate that primitive aliens could be living on the planet. Data from Nasa's Cassini probe has analysed the complex chemistry on the surface of Titan, which experts say is the only moon around the planet to have a dense atmosphere.
Vienna London
'Twas the 30th of July, 2002, the 400th birthday anniversary of Reverend Samuel Stone. The First Congregational Church was celebrating the event with a public reading of his most erudite works. As we arrived, Reverend Peebles, a descendant of Reverend Stone, was reading aloud from his ancestor's well-known and very illuminating explanation of "Why Socrates Is Not Plato, Nor Plato Socrates." We were not surprised to see Natasha Guttbalm, the local TV station's fledgling reporter on the Religion and Philosophy beat, paying rapt attention to Reverend Peebles as he read from the text...
The mayor of a village in southwest France has threatened residents with severe punishment if they die, because there is no room left in the overcrowded cemetery to bury them.
costs of their defense and disproportionately report patents to be ineffective.
Between about 830pm, about now, and just after midnight is going to be the roughest time for the people who are living with this event right now. The very early signs of this cyclone are now starting to be felt; we have significant power outages and reports of powerlines coming down. We also know that we are going to see very, very high storm surge activity.
"Oh, Matthew..." I said in distress, my voice catching. "Right in the-the middle? That's...not...r-right!"
The Bearfighter is just bummed because critics have largely let this film off the hook, and in my mind, it’s because newspapers are failing and this is going to be a big part of their lives for 3 more films (yes 3, not 2). If you shit on Hunger Games now, you miss out on years of coverage that will attempt to keep newspapers in business (like the new pay portal on LA Times? thought so). They shouldn’t have pulled so many punches. It was “good” like mid-priced bourbon. It wasn’t a mind-blower, which the book clearly was.
Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: A punishment for who?
There is definitely more at work here than simple aesthetics, though I've yet to find out what it is exactly that my higher mind is focused on, what it is interested in learning- or suddenly being offered.
about Pete Ham
“It is much easier to write a good Times leading article than a good joke in Punch. For solemnity flows out of men naturally; but laugher is a leap. It is easy to be heavy: hard to be light. Satan fell by force of gravity.”
That should put you right in line with what will be playing out now. BP's bankruptcy looks like a foregone conclusion. That is, unless the US and UK governments step in, and do so broadly and very loudly. With both money and legal changes. The former, because BP faces far more in lawsuits and damage claims than it has in liquidity (its shares are now worth less than its assets, always an alarming sign). The latter, well, for more or less the same reason.
because she had not waited for them
Sentiment: Spellbinder dies and Just Rite Stamps
HOWEVER ...
Wow- what great cards to share with you this week! Why don't you make a card for a child using fall colors and join us in this fun challenge? You have until October 14th at noon CST to enter this challenge. After you do, please consider sending your card as well as any others appropriate for a child in the hospital (see our guidelines above) to Send a Smile 4 Kids at either of our addresses (see tabs above for all you need to know.)
3) SD Florida - 25%
I stood there looking at Chris Chulack, the captain of the ship, the man I was entrusting to coax the best performances from the best and brightest performers, the man who wanted me to go out on the sidewalk and represent some semblance of humanity. “I don’t think so.”
Back to the food and I decided to make stuffing by adding a duck egg (thank you Pecan) and some breadcrumbs made from three slices of stale bread to the roughly chopped herbs and threw in some chopped sunflower seeds for a bit more texture.
According to the Bruno Manser Fund (BMF), he requested in particular to know what criminal charges were involved, following revelations that the Swiss Attorney General’s office has cooperated with the Hong Kong authorities’ requests for information in respect of the Musa Aman case.
So jump to 2008 -- what, you thought I was going to do a complete history of the character? That isn't really supposed to be the point of these posts, so maybe some other time. For now I'm just focusing on highlights.
Do you have some easy make ahead meal favorites for your family? I’d love to hear about them.
They have either left the country or have become self-employed, waging a constant struggle for survival in small businesses run from homes and garages without pension schemes, medical aid or access to capital, which is largely reserved for blacks.
What was I thinking
In the mystical moist night-air, and from time to time,
Kia is taking on the executive market with its Optima. This vehicle was meant to arrive ages ago but nevertheless, it’s finally here! It’s built on a similar platform to Hyundai’s Sonata and is adopting an extreme value-for-money marketing strategy. Kia claims that there are no optional extras and your R305,995 gets you one very equipped luxury vehicle. It looks good, has loads of features and offers decent performance from a 2.4-litre engine. Will Kia be able to tempt people out of BMW/Audi/Mercedes showrooms? Possibly. I do, however, think the Honda Accord, Mazda6 and Volkswagen Jetta/Passat are under serious threat.
At the same time as IPAs were becoming popular, the first golden lagers of Plzen (known as pilsners) were spreading fast, making use of the new railways and liberal doses of Saaz hops.
* In my class, I will try to include more rational understanding into the lessons I will teach. As this can be incredibly difficult while teaching some subject matter, I understand that I will need to also teach instrumental understanding for some units. Once students have explored the subject matter further, I hope to have students build upon their instrumental understanding and that it will change into a relational understanding. Many of the standardized assessments students take only require an instrumental understanding of concepts, but in order for students to become better thinkers, they need to have mastered a level of rational understanding. Though it may seem pointless to teach anything but instrumental understanding, in the long run, students will gain more problem solving abilities and learning skills from mastering a relational understanding.
Thank you to B& B for the review copy of this book. I received this book in exchange for an honest review and the opinions stated above are 100% mine.﻿
Percy isn’t the first person to leave Rosamond: everybody seems to, from her husband, Hatley, who walked out on her years ago; to her complicated daughter Agnes, whose girlhood bedroom was papered with maps of the places she wanted to escape to. The town itself is Rosamond’s anchor, but it is beginning to quiver with the possibility of change. The high school girls are writing suicide poetry. The town’s young, lumbering sidewalk preacher is courting Rosamond’s daughter. A troubled teenaged boy plans to burn Main Street to the ground. And the furniture factory itself—the very soul of Goliath—threatens to close.
Busan Bridge grows a glowing vine first red, then slowly colors cascade to the water.
The overall point of web advertising is to stop you looking at the web page you originally visited, because you'd only learn something or gain whatever it is you wanted to gain before you went there. The click-through rates currently run at around 0.000000000000000000000001%.
illustration of the "country's political divide"—one that the Times
Mother looked at me as though as though I were speaking Greek, as though I were the alien. I hated her callous dismissal of a part of history that was up close and unspeakably inhuman.
She leans forward and sucks my cock
Ignite holy affections in the deep places of my heart
Donna Fargo- Funny Face
2. ‘ Ever try playing hockey with all this crap going on? ‘
This second one also features Coffee Break products. I used one of the frames--both the negative and the positive. For the left hand side I used the "mask" portion of the stencil to create an outline and then I doodled around them. On the left hand side I used the stencil portion to create a frame on vintage sheet music:
Gondor Archers. Human Infantry – S 15cm – F d6 – D d6 – A 1 – M d6 – W 5 – P 5 – Special: Archery (50cm)
Peter Van Eyck usually played Nazi officers. His last movie role was in 1969 as General Von Brock in “The Bridge At Remagen.”
Quaffing potions and scrutinizing scrolls, the group once more took up battle positions about the hilltop perimeter; in the meantime, Meryk moved to begin etching out cruth galdr runes to better bolster the entrenched dwarven defenses. Aurakraul landed among the adventurers and their dwarven friends, setting several to panic at first–but soon enough the party parlayed with the green dragoness anew, gleaning briefly a recount of an effort made to penetrate the pall over the temple-city of Tsar–an unsuccessful endeavor. Committing to aiding once more in aid, the dragoness took to the air again–soon lost in the fog above.
Luckily as I'm a little bit of a squirrel I managed to find the hinges and bolts for the nest box door, and the main door.
She originally gave it to me to look at yonks ago, when she was running on Vista - it was a present to her from someone or other, and the original drivers were long lost, and had only worked on XP anyway. I took a brief look at the time, and then went back to something more interesting (I think it was MVC1).
#3. An afternoon with Ani in the immense and inspirational M&L Fabric store, while Brian and Larry stand by fiddling with their iPhones. After a whole lot of fabric inspection we found a perfect stack of bolts to piece together a new quilt for Ani and Brian’s house (by that time Larry and Brian were in the donut shop across the way).
Anders Behring Breivik may have seen what we see, he may have cried for his homeland as we cry and he may have identified the same cause and the same guilty men as we have. Yet when he embarked on his evil work he became their creature, a creature of the left. The left may not want him, but when he chose their path he became one of theirs, he is not one of ours.
But where does the "everlasting fire" come in? To see that we have to note that Jesus was speaking figuratively for most of the passage, as he often did. His parables are famous. So is he really going to sit on a throne and muster billions of people on either side of him? If so, he would need to locate himself somewhere around Iran and even then the billions of goats would be crowded for room and many could well fall into the Mediterranean (presuming the throne was facing North).
In no particular order, it went like this
No one could argue that the plot, for what it is, isn’t fast paced. In fact, it’s too fast paced. There’s no time to catch your breath or absorb what’s happening. It’s set piece, after set piece, after set piece. A sub-plot involving Thompson and Thomson on the hunt for a pickpocket is loaded with running around and slapstick, when it could have been wisely used as a sort of interval from the action. Even the most ADHD ridden child high on Vimto will want to stop for a fag break.
By not consuming appropriately, you might be not just opening oneself up to possessing lower energy quantities and becoming vulnerable to exhaustion, but you may also have other health difficulties down the road, such as heart disease, which are connected to your poor diet later in life. For the body’s sake and to keep you feeling alive and able to go, getting the best diet plan is crucial.
-- ... Carlos seems to sense I'm going to be trouble from the moment he explains that tango is a dance where the man leads, the man makes all the decisions ...Oooh, aren't you special. Information: to master the woman's part of any led-and-followed partner dance in the very varied family of traditional European-style partner dances where the man's part includes leading, you have to first learn to follow.
Huevos Rancheros (with yummy-looking homemade salsa!)
“All in a night’s work. I’m not even going to make you tip me.” Tanya sashayed away, whistling, the tartan switching left, right, left, right in a betwitching rhythm as old as mammal-kind.
I have mentioned before my love of free beer, how it colours my view of humanity as a fundamentality decent species and of society as a benevolent structure, but the pleasure when someone sends you some is hard to measure. I pondered for a while the possibility of a conspiracy. That brewers of Pongy Ale might not like the Campaign for Greater Cooking Lager Appreciation and how they might be trying to convert me to pongy ale. If so, keep it up. I can live with it as I really rather like pongy ale. In the box were a couple of lagers, some ales and a few really quite odd ones it will be fascinating to try. I still like cheap lout, though, my first true love. I pondered the possibility of a conspiracy manifesting itself in a more malevolent manner if the benevolence of the free pongy ale strategy fails. After all, in order to receive free grog you have to give up your anonymity. With each sample I receive a greater chance of the militant wing of the ale jihadists finding my garage full of cheap Carling, Fosters & Carlsberg and burning it down. But for free beer, it worth the risk. For those that question the point and purpose of beer blogging, there is one clear and unambiguous answer. Nice people send you free beer.
What kinds of songs do planets sing?
What a great event. We are so proud of what we were able to accomplish with the help of the best family and friends in the world! The Katie Starr Team will top $10,000.00 when the tally is done. I just sent the Foundation Fighting Blindness a new batch of checks that were given to me. We have until June to finalize this fiscal year so we will continue to add to our total so that the research for the treatments and a possible cure for Hereditary Retinal Blindness can go on! We will not stop until that happens!
For practical purposes, I won't be establishing any joint accounts for my Love and I anytime soon. Then the US could claim her earning and assets (retirement accounts, etc.) are partially mine and tax us for their value.
With lightning like reflexes I reached out and steadied her preventing her from falling. I slowed down and asked if she was okay.
The private investigator or, in Sherlock Holmes’ case, ‘consulting’ detective, is a figure completely embedded into the history of the crime and mystery genre, but one with many faces and attributes. Many of the best known sleuths after all were not in fact police officers but men (and occasionally women) working in an unofficial capacity, acting instead of, in competition with or in parallel to, the official forces of law and order. This is certainly true of such well-connected amateurs as Lord Peter Wimsey and Miss Marple for instance but we would probably hesitate to actually call them ‘private detectives’ as there is something semi-official about that phrase, connoting a professional activity which we would instead connect more directly with the likes of VI Warchavski, Poirot, Nero Wolfe and Philip Marlowe rather than just a hobby for an inquisitive amateur sleuth.
Well, this is it for me for today. Thanks so much for stopping by, I love hearing from you all!
Yes, those are paint bottles at the bottom right. They're a mix of non-toxic Crayola paint and baby shampoo for finger painting in the bathtub.
Photograph taken from http://www.indymedia.org.uk/en/2012/03/494271.html Please click on this link to see the photograph of all the NUT actions yesterday and read the article.
Rod Stewart – Sailing
Where: Bar's Everywhere
HIRING SUMMER INTERN
waters of Lake Superior, the only brother in a family of murderous mermaids. To survive, Calder and his sisters prey on humans, killing them to absorb their energy. But this summer the underwater clan targets Jason Hancock out of pure revenge. They blame Hancock for their mother's death and have been waiting a long time for him to return to his family's homestead on the lake. Hancock has a fear of water, so to lure him in, Calder sets out to seduce Hancock's daughter, Lily. Easy enough—especially as Calder has lots of practice using his irresistable good looks and charm on ususpecting girls. Only this time Calder screws everything up: he falls for Lily—just as Lily starts to suspect that there's more to the monsters-in-the-lake legends than she ever imagined. And
Have you enjoyed the poetry this month? The mini-essays? Are you merely grateful that it’s all over? Whichever, why not take a little pocket change – or a lot! – and donate to MSF.
Comfort is defined as a condition or feeling of pleasurable ease.
Back to the soup . . .
I am not going to cover everything on the subject, although I will touch upon most, and will spend time on some aspects and gloss over others. Some/most of the below have been seen and written about before but I also hope I've posted some things rarely or quite possibly never seen before. As always, comments and corrections are encouraged and welcome.
10/10 – Soundstage – Conway, AR
In parallel with statist ideological development at this time, there were other strands of thinking developing more widely in the region that challenged both secular concepts of socialist and capitalist development, namely the emergence of a form of political Islam. By the late 1980s this had influenced the formation of a new government in Sudan, and for most of the 1990s has shaped both external, international relations between Sudan and key states in Western Europe and the United States, and regional-level relationships.
This is where they sit when they are not being used for a photo shoot. :)
They bring coffee (cream, no sugar)
Late 18th century
"Looking Back"
And onto the 3-D. Due to my kiln limitation I haven't done with in years but my good friend, who happens to be an excellent art teacher and guest teacher extraordinaire, tackled this lesson with some young men and women this summer. Look at their amazing results.
J. Dimps — short for dimples — originally joined Twitter and began her quest for followers with the help of 24-year-old grandson Donny Brandefine.
"Mommy, see that sunshine outside?"
The advertisement in question is reproduced above. His Grace would like to make it clear to the ASA that he is now reproducing this allegedly ‘offensive and homophobic’ advertisement as an educative illustration of allegedly offensive and homophobic advertising; not as an offensive and homophobic advertisement per se. Naturally, His Grace apologises in advance to all those who find this educative illustration offensive and homophobic, for it is never his intention to be either offensive or homophobic. But those of you who do find it offensive and homophobic are free not to visit His Grace’s blog whenever you wish.
these tides reverse,
Man, I need me some furniture.
As always, it was such a joy to take time out of our busy days to simply sit and bask in the warmth of friendship. Listening to Emanuela share a tomato sauce recipe in her lyrical Italian voice, watching knitting needles busily flying... it's nourishment to my soul.
The author of ‘Letter for Carlos’ is Michael Morpungo, better known for War Horse (recently adapted by Spielberg from book to the big-screen), and lesser known as a writer of stories from the point of view of an Argentinian soldier during the Falklands war.
But then again we never asked Freddie if he ever voted.
Even if we should succeed in ending illegal immigration, our immigration law itself needs to be updated to accommodate a new factor never envisioned by its framers. Ironically, increased immigration by Latinos could help balance factors to avoid the current crisis in which European countries are moving: mass Muslim immigration and consequent Islamic culture and laws.
So, from now on I am not going to clean your crap up.
Unthinkable documents Scott’s remarkable journey from the devastating crash that claimed both of his legs, and from his subsequent battle with depression and alcohol, to the dawning realization that God had a greater plan for his life. The unthinkable courage, determination, and faith Scott demonstrated in training for and competing in the Hawaiian Ironman triathlon will inspire and amaze you.
Nothin' wrong with kickin' back grabbing a good book while sipping' on some whiskey. It's actually one of my favorite things to do. Well lucky for you we now have a great selection of books to choose from.
Teacher: Rylie will be fine. She is extremely bright and assertive. She always tells us when we are doing something wrong. She will be just fine.
Anyway, those are my thoughts! Few books have captured my imagination lately the way that Hunger Games did, so I am really looking forward to being captivated all over again by the movie. What about you? Do you agree or disagree with anything I’ve said here? Did I miss anything? Don’t forget to leave your comment for a chance to win a copy of The Official Illustrated Movie Companion! Cheers!
* Make sure you are really ready for an agent. It takes time to hone this craft and it may take more than one appealing manuscript to attract an agent. Established agents represent career writers who have prolific potential.
Congratulations Debby. We appreciate your participation in this week’s challenge. Please e-mail Claire at Claire.brennan1@ntlworld.com. Provide her with your contact information and set choice, and she will get your selected set on its way to you when shipping resumes on August 20th.
* pain in tailbone and hip area
All in all, everything was competent but nothing was great or better than I've had elsewhere nearby. I can't really figure out the intense popularity of the place. Mama's Lu fans, did I miss a great dish?
This month, I've enrolled in an April Scraplift Challenge. We are in teams of four, each taking a week in turn. I'm in "Team Trouble" (no looks of surprise out there) and I'm down as week three. The two layouts preceding mine are both delightfully creative and individual. An intimidating act to follow!!!
I’m currently dreaming of a dining room makeover and saving up to buy flooring, wainscoting, paint, furniture and accessories for the room. You know, just everything. The room is sadly empty right now:
1 1/4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
An ice-cold can of Cherry Coke instead of a healthy bottle of water. Family pictures scrolling across the computer’s screen saver. A text message alert on the cell phone disrupting the present moment. An afternoon of playing in the crisp fallen autumn leaves instead of raking them up and disposing of them. Making mental lists of things to do the following day instead of focusing on the disagreeable at hand. Going to the grocery store when hungry and buying far more than what is on the list. Santa bringing gifts or an Easter bunny hopping in to leave baskets filled with tasty treats and little trinkets … and absolutely no emphasis on Jesus, His birth, death, and resurrection. Reciting the alphabet and counting to 20 instead of squirming during a haircut.
Ratebeer.com has released its 2011 "Best" list, and once again, the Stout is king. That irritates me. I love a good Imperial Stout as much as the next person, but there are a disproportionate number of them in the top 25, in my not-so-humble opinion. That said, it was great to see Florida - and Tampa Bay in particular - getting some serious props in the listings. No "beer culture" my ass!
Because of Nana’s condition, rumors spread that the HerShe will disband. Nana’s voice has always been the band’s strength and now that she has a cyst in her nodules, she won’t be able to sing further. This sad event brought back the happy memory of both Eden and HerShe prior to their debut. Such a blissful bunch they are. Now, everything is falling. But before it all ends, both bands had their farewell treat to the fans, promising a come back.
Still early in the year, so my thoughts are fuzzy, but every year, I try to read 2-3 mysteries by foreign (and that means no Canadian or British also) authors and a couple of small press books.
“Come with me,” I said. “You’ll be all right now.”What follows is Timothy trying to determine where the blood—for there isn’t a mark on the little girl—came from, and why the child was fleeing the scene. Her name is Bird Daly and she tells a series of fantastical lies that ultimately lead to the truth. I hope very much, therefore, that page sixty-nine meets with approval from readers. It’s what The Gods of Gotham is all about.Learn more about the book and author at Lyndsay Faye's website.
Yes, that is the same girl. Draya or “DrayaFace” (they don’t call her face for nothing) said on the VH1 that she makes her money off her looks. She is very pretty but check her out without makeup and she’s a pretty normal looking girl. She’s pretty, just not the extravagant beauty you see on magazine covers.
1. Collaboration between designers and businesses should be encouraged, as well as close cooperation with employment development associations and investors in innovation
What Actress Would Play Her In A Movie: Jennifer Lawrence
The main plot and setting are stereotypical of high school teen movies: Preston Meyers (Embry) has been in love with Amanda Beckett (Hewitt) for 4 years — who seems to barely know he exists. During graduation, rumor has spread that Amanda and high school star jock boyfriend, Mike Dexter (Facinelli) had broken up. Rumor has also spread of a huge house party happening later that night in which the entire student body is attending. Believing that this is fate and probably his last shot, Preston decides to take it upon himself to finally express his love for Amanda at this party, while many follies impede on his various attempts.
Many people gave me their suggestions on what color to paint it, or to paint it at all. It was funny because all my Facebook friends said not to paint it, but my blog friends said to paint it. I listened to you guys and went ahead and painted it. The color was an "oops" paint that I lightened. I really like how it turned out.
But I’ve been thinking about it, and before the next Buddy show, think I better go get one of those rescue inhalers. I have been accused of all things, being less flamboyant than usual.
All the majesty of glaciers and blizzards, ancient castles and quirky museums, dingy hostels and luxurious private rooms, all these days are nothing but distractions.
Current Yield since inception: +64.06%
Wind isn’t free of cheap.
With Disney, and Cronkite, and Martin Luther
An influential and popular talent has threatened to resign from a large network because of a radio personality. Sources say the talent has been the subject of the radio personality’s recent blind items particularly the former’s alleged infidelity. The talent was quoted to have said, “Nasa iisang bubong kami ‘tapos ayaw n’ya akong tigilan. Eh kung maghiwalay kami ng asawa ko?!?”
They’re back again this year and it’s fun to watch their antics.
to take away
What I love about The Elephant House is that it has resisted turning its focus from saving elephants to the subject that has made it famous globally – and just in case you are unaware, this is the cafe that JK Rowling found warmth and inspiration when she was initially writing the tale of the now famous wizard – it is now known as the birthplace of Harry Potter .
I had starred this recipe for Broccoli Cheddar Soup awhile back and this week was finally up to the challenge of making some new meals. I can't really say it's healthy, but you do get a truckload of veggies in your system and it's a super frugal dinner option! Oh and it came together quickly, for a soup especially! I'm enjoying a bowl of it for lunch today and am looking forward to having it for lunch again tomorrow!
The next grad activity is tomorrow, 24th April. We will meet at the school at 6:30 and go to Dooley’s then Dino’s Pizza. Cost is $5 due by noon today. Let Mrs. Cole know by noon.
Mephibosheth was of the house of Saul, the man who had tried to kill David, yet David showed him forgiveness, kindness, and treated him like a member of his own family.
She decided to start living the life she’d imagined.
here's just some of what i did last week!
He also told me (again) why he believed writing in a journal could be so very helpful in organizing one's feelings. The benefits of coming back to read anytime the need arises.
Perhaps he simply assumed that the Order, wounded and outnumbered, wouldn't be willing to press the issue to combat (or that the Claw would easily dispatch them if they tried). Well, he was not counting on the Order's fury when played for a fool (and I was not counting on them being so intact after the battle with the warforged dragons).
Not only does the partial plot summary I've just attempted leave out major characters and incidents, but the very form of a summary may be wholly inadequate to the task of conveying just what is so special about Margaret. This is why we get more pleasure out of watching great movies than reading reviews of them, or worse, of their screenplays. Filmmaking is like a form of alchemy, mysterious and unscientific in the way it can combine elements it's almost impossible to evaluate in isolation, or even to describe with mere words, into a time-based talisman with the power to transmute a viewer's emotional state. Some of the elements in Margaret that I've yet to see adequately described include: the cinematography by Polish DP Ryszard Lenczewski, far more cinematic than that for director Kenneth Lonergan's prior film You Can Count On Me. The plaintively arpeggiated music by composer Nico Muhly. Or the line-readings; there is something perfectly teenage about the way Paquin, who was 23 at the time of filming, says things like "I think I'll stop generalizing now."
BUT! I take all these as positives. I’m moving more. I’m getting less insulin. My urine looked good today (well, what I pee’ed on the floor at the office after they drew my blood – I at least didn’t pee ON someone this time). I just need to get the hind legs in motion better and I think I might have licked this thing!
Pensioners and homeowners have more in common than they might realize. In fact they might even be the same person. Someone whose pension funds are going down because of losses on mortgage bonds in their pension fund and someone who is losing their house in foreclosure because of the decrease in pension income and trickery used by the Banks in securing their signature in bogus loan deals. Many pensioners are going to hear soon that the benefits they were expecting must be reduced because of chicanery on Wall Street. Some of those same people are angry at the thought of providing relief to homeowners who were also tricked into these bogus loan deals. Now that you see the effect, are still sure that borrowers in distress are deadbeats?
The Art Collective, a venture supporting young and emerging artists, comes to Brighton for a two-week exhibition. Work from artists Lance Hewison, Gina Hart plus photographer Celine Marchbank and many more will be on display for you to buy, including a special range of signed editions. Nice and local, no reason not to!
in the high and low seas of the heart.
It could only have been Cain and his new family, -- a new breed of man, a Mongolian race of beings whose existence could only have come about when Cain’s seed mixed with the black-skinned pre-Adamite races from God’s first creation, and later with Adam’s fair daughters. This may sound preposterous and improbable, but once you’ve read the rest of this posting you’ll see why the earliest and most wicked savages of Asia were white and yellow-skinned barbarians, and why the picture painted here is not as illogical as it may seem at first sight.
Gale Hansen (Charlie Dalton)
This is the third in a series of books beginning with "Friday Night Knitting Club" and follows the characters to whom we have been previously introduced. The second book had little voice of the glue that held the first book together -- its heroine, Georgia Walker, who dies at its conclusion. Wisely, she inserts flashbacks from Georgia's life into "Knit the Season" (yes, it's set during the winter holidays), which helps us understand why and how these women come together and her influence.
I felt weak for “cheating,” going off product when I want to stay on product-only for Phase 1 of the program, but tried not to indulge in an orgy of self-recrimination. That never helps. Best to enjoy it, adjust and move on, right? And I didn’t go crazy then and say WTH, I’ll have the beans, rice, tortilla and ice cream too! And let’s go buy some snacks for the tent later on (as in the old days) while I’m at it.
i never thought i would be that person to be so attached to a dog to even consider a surgery. i've been around dogs my entire life, but i've never had to put a dog down that was only 8 weeks old. so far, this is the hardest thing i've ever had to do.
How I love my friends.
They’re eventually trapped in the hospital with no escape, and horrible things begin to happen to each one of them. The film ’Grave Encounters’ is supposed to be a collection of footage of what later became the TV show’s “final episode,” as well as a number of interviews by key witnesses.
Born in 1885 in the Scottish Highlands, Duncan Grant was introduced to the friends who became known as the Bloomsbury Group through his first cousin Lytton Strachey. Lytton was at Cambridge University and there he met a group of bright young men which included Thoby Stephen, Leonard Woolf, Clive Bell, and Maynard Keynes. These friends, along with Vanessa and Virginia Stephen (who became Vanessa Bell and Virginia Woolf), formed the nucleus of the Bloomsbury Group. Duncan quickly became a well-loved member of this group of intellectuals and artists.
This is certainly a welcome sign for Mitt Romney’s campaign. While West Virginia voted for Bush twice, and went for McCain in 2012, it borders battleground states like Ohio and Pennsylvania. “Neither President Obama nor Governor Romney has earned my vote at this point,” said Tomblin, accusing Obama of undertaking policies that would “destroy the economic fabric of our state.”
Hello again dear reader,
16 Jessica Slechta W Thousand Oaks, CA 11:44.6 36:29.05
This post has nothing to do with decorating. For Winter. Or for holidays.
Daddies never crumble in a day
Surely there would be ink-adorned customers falling over themselves for such an offer.
"If I hadn't worked through the eighth month"
A wasteland deep beneath the snow,
“We’re going to amend that situation immediately,” insisted Mr. Stouthart.
In the first chapter of Colossians, we read a hymn declaring who Jesus is. As we think deeply about this passage of Scripture and the truths that are declared, we find strength to endure difficulties, we find purpose and beauty in our existence, and we find hope for the future.
Written by Sally Wainwright, who has a real ear for genuine-sounding dialogue and an eye for the details in life, it’s also quietly political. Instead of reporting to a patriarchal figure, the boss in Scott & Bailey is female – DI Gill Murphy (Amelia Bullmore). Unlike Jane Tennison in Prime Supect, she doesn’t blaze any trails: she just is. As Russell T Davies, the acclaimed screenwriter who cast Sharp in Bob & Rose, The Second Coming and Doctor Who, observed: “Even now, Scott & Bailey is remarkable just for being a cop show led by three women. The sheer existence of that show shames the rest of us.”
Honestly, I can't really think of much that I see as negatives!
I don't know if anyone ever used those half-baked ideas that came up at random moments, but it made us feel good, just knowing they were out there.
Dropping the Chinese soldier roughly on the ground, Pitcher reached into the cargo pocket of his pants and pulled out a small metal box the size of an Altoids tin. The box was wrapped in duct tape. Pitcher peeled a length of duct tape from the box and secured it over the smaller man’s mouth. The man’s eyes fluttered as he began to regain full consciousness. Pitcher put his index finger to his lips signaling to the man that he should remain silent.
Crow (actually she’s more of a Mynah bird) dazzles and frankly even freaks me out. In real life she possesses what beatniks used to call “zero cool” — meaning not that she hasn’t got any, but rather that the cool she possesses is below freezing. (If she were on the deck of the Titanic, she might look over at the Captain and say, “Are you gonna get that shit together, man, or what?”) So when she steps into these diverse, nutty characters it’s as though some supernatural force were taking over. And that to me is the essence of the actor’s art. All actors ought to be doing this kind of channeling, every time, no matter what sort of play they’re in. Further, Crow’s ear for music (evident from her various singing projects) proves to extend to the quotidian melodies of human speech and subtleties of dialect. In a bit over an hour, Crow becomes a crazy Spanish guitar player, a working class philosopher, two separate infomercial hostesses (one mid-western, one Brighton beach Russian, both hilarious), a Vietnam vet and coal miner, a British rock star and an elderly Jewish mother (see their pictures here). The bits are joined — very tangentially — by the common theme of death. In between her turns, we get to hear her do some funny songs as she changes costumes (a rap, a blues number, and so forth). Seeing all these characters together really put the others parts I’ve seen her do in perspective, not just her turns in my last two plays, but especially her Chip Fontaine character with the Electric Mess. Her performances are confident, assured, specific, moving and above all, belly-laugh hilarious. Her comedy writing is top notch (though it could use some shaping and editing). I gather it’s a work in progress — the dead space between her monologues needs to be tightened way up. But aside from such nips and tucks I think Esther has a killer act here. She could take this act to college campuses, cabarets, comedy clubs, television — even, dare I say, vaudeville.
10:11 PM – Sheamus joins us from SmackDown to take on Mark Henry. Daniel Bryan is then announced as the special guest referee. YES! YES! YES! The match never quite gains any momentum as Bryan screws Sheamus out of the win with a quick count. Bryan then manages to get Sheamus in the YES lock and gain some momentum going into Extreme Rules.
Main largest essentials that several youth understand deal with today is due to relation to her self-esteem and how all the people see independantly.
Today I am 10DPO, 12DPTrigger. I do not plan on testing for another 4 days, if AF doesn't show her ugly face before then. We shall see.
toe), ‘kan katro’ (cut ear) or ‘fujao’ (chicken
Really, can one imagine God telling Abraham; “Abby, Abby ma man, don’t hurt d child, a was a just kidding bro!”
she planted them there
sometimes I wonder if it’s all my fault.
Even though my sister and I are 20 and 25 we still did an Easter egg hunt! You have to act like a kid every once in a while (or all the time)!
2 cups whipping cream
for loitering in our lakes
I then whizzed the softened roasted carrots in a blender until they were as smooth as possible, added a bit of nutmeg, an egg yolk and plain flour, a tablespoon at a time, until a nice soft dough was formed.
I printed out the trees on white CS, sponged the background in different colors of green, doodled on the lines with glitter markers and adorn some stones and rhinestones from Pizzazz Aplenty. Have you noticed, I have also done some embossing :). Okey, lots of embossing :D. The kraft CS is embossed and distressed over with brown ink and same was done with the DP too. The sentiment is glittered rub on.
He worried. His teacher said if he made a funny face after receiving the Precious Blood he would be in trouble.
But that isn’t the half of it. His new book, The Sign, the latest in a long line of tomes about the Shroud, makes an even more astonishing claim in its 450 pages (including over 100 of footnotes). It was, suggests de Wesselow, seeing the Shroud in the days immediately after the crucifixion, rather than any encounter with a flesh and blood, risen Christ, that convinced the apostles that Jesus had come back from the dead.
More data on those "death-fearing" conservatives
The Inca terracing that you can see in this picture isn’t just a pretty feature, it actually took a ridiculous amount of work to build. Each terrace has three layers of soil and required tons of fertile valley soil and rocks to be carried up the mountain to help crops grow. You can bet it was carried up on the backs of some tough workers.
Every night, after the park closes, Disneyland unleashes 200+ feral cats who prowl the Park and keep the roden population under control.
* A place for everything
the Creation of God
I really hope that you do too. Maybe, we might just end up saving the world. Just like Superman.
Is the Archbishop in despair or does he really just not care?
We hope you're having a fabulous start of your week.
Conversations by Luce Irigarary (London and New York, NY, Continuum, 2008).
I'm not sure about that. When pressed to answer their own question, most people say things like "basic math" or "how to read" and then have trouble thinking of much else. Even if I conceded that these two things were absolutely necessary for every person to know, that would hardly justify me sending my kids to school, as schools try to teach a whole lot more than just those things.
Happy 4th of July everyone!! So, I'm still around, but posting infrequently. Spent the past few days at the new house painting. I'm super excited and ready to get moved in, but we are still waiting on the floors to be installed. Go figure!
You really don't have to read much more of her post to see where she is going with this. But if you took Geller's word as gospel, you might be tempted to jump to the same weak conclusion she has.
focused on one section
Since our couple hate each other and are sick of spending so much time together, Eun Jae devices a plan to end their relationship. How about she gets injured while saving his life so that she’ll be admitted to the hospital forcing him to get a new bodyguard? So they go to some abandoned building in her hometown where she’d hit him with a baseball bat and then somehow get herself hurt. The moment she bashes him in the back, some dude sees the door open and locks them in. Then slapstick jokes you can see coming from a mile away start to happen. Like they can’t get cellphone reception anywhere but outside the window so she climbs on him and stretches her hand outside and of course she drops her phone. And then he suggests that she try to climb out of the window and she gets stuck. I’m so shaking my head at the things one has to do for an acting role these days.
Heavens to Betsy!!! It has been FOREVER...almost a YEAR to be exact since I blogged. To be honest, I was burned out. I was tired of logging everything that I was doing in my life instead of just trying to LIVE those moments and soak them in....but I am ready to jump back in and I have LOTS to share! Some things have stayed the same...I am still a full time working mama trying to juggle it all, I still have the best and most amazing husband in the world but one huge blessing is that we have made and tightened our bond with some incredible people over the past year! Our family is so lucky to have such amazing support...
This little yellow bird. I have finished making the blocks for Sonny's quilt and so now I need to start thinking about the backing and the binding. I never worry about these things until I'm well on the way with the quilt top as it usually comes to me as the top is coming together.
I got a little behind on scrapbooking this past week, but yesterday I was able to finish the layout I'd started for Sketch #9 of Kelly Purkey's Sketchbook 4 class. I also made a card for Austin for his birthday (coming up in a week & a half) using this sketch last night.
The havoc of this week has left me with the opportunity to focus on my strengths…send my weaknesses packing and extend my plans to live my best life.
The Detroit News: Robbed by blowtorch, Pontiac clerk gets cash back with a batn 18-year-old Shelby Township man is in custody after allegedly attempting to rob a store with a propane torch and was later beaten by the baseball bat-wielding clerk.
I was fine .I looked in too his eyes once and saw this sadness ,and the thought came into my mind ,like he told me mentally ,and I knew what he was thinking .
I buy one and open it.
I think the Coalition is going to need an enormous amount of creativity and cooperation from the civil service once it really gets going on the deficit. Sadly, the Mandarins aren’t renowned for either of those qualities….and turkeys don’t vote for Christmas.
B.elle
It is truly amazing what those full-body scanners have shown
Sue went to retrieve Jonathan's paperwork received at his adoption. The paperwork says your birth mother is dead. No, she is alive. It said your grand-father was old and ailing. No, he is not. He is alive and well. And then Sue recalled a conversation at the school conference a few months earlier. Jonathan's teacher mentioned how neat it was that he could still talk to his brother in China. Sue assumed the teacher was confused, as she had no knowledge of a relationship with family members, especially a brother. Surely the teacher misunderstood. Sue was wrong.
Love to all, Susen
The London bombings of 9/5 resulted from British security services allowing the development of terror networks throughout Britain. A threat assessment by the Joint Terrorist Analysis Centre a mere month earlier stated: “There was no group with current intent and capability” to commit a terrorist attack in Britain.
rolls & green beans
1 small yellow onion, diced (or 1/2 large)
Dontari Poe sealed his #11 selection by the Kansas City Chiefs with a kiss. The bulldozing defensive tackle planted one right on the commisioner’s lips. The Chiefs defensive line needed some juice, and the kiss-happy former Memphis Tiger is the perfect fit.
One thing I have been seriously procrastinating about over the past month (and beyond) is getting out for a run. Initially, it was fear of further injury that prevented me. Then, when my knee was completely healed and I couldn’t even blame weather or bad timing, I had to force myself to assess why I still procrastinated about getting out for a run. Partially, I felt over-whelmed by the 10k training programme that Nike+ had set for me. It required me to run for 50mins at lunchtime, on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. I was put off. However, that doesn’t explain why I couldn’t have got out for 30mins on some of those days instead?
‘‘(i) a cybersecurity purpose; or
I go back to work in less than two weeks (half-time as a R.V.T.). I am also starting my photo biz in about two weeks (I have an ad coming out in a local baby expo...so I'll be goin' public. For Real Life. So scary). I am also taking this great course over at Big Picture Scrapbooking which is showing me a great way to get all my gabillions of photos (paper and digital) organized so that I can actually start scrapbooking them. That course is a LOT of work, though. And, when it is over I actually want to start, you know, scrapbooking.
please don't forget we are a multi craft blog so you may make anything you like so long as it fits the challenge theme
and you don't even have to buy airfare!
For the last two decades or so, our hamburger meat has been “beefed up” with filler made from ground-up, ammonia-treated beef scraps, sinew and connective tissue. Formally known as boneless lean beef trimmings (BLBT), the food industry says it’s wholesome, safe and delicious. But recent media reports about this “pink slime” are making people take a closer look at what they’re eating.
Knee is still not normal yet, so I forewent my walk again. I may take Wednesday off, too, but I am definitely going to walk again starting on Thursday, even if it really is just one mile a day for a while.
4. It can be destroyed? – Black holes have no time.
For there is none besides You,
Listeriosis symptoms include fever, headache, tiredness, aches and pains, diarrhoea, nausea and abdominal cramps.
So his name is James, and he blogs about all sorts of things at Walking With God. And like most people whose blogs I check out, he has at least given thought to the idea of fostering. A few years back he and his wife, Christina, were avid meat eaters, along with eating everything else that is considered normal today. And while many people who knew them thought that would never change, things did change. They started getting educated, went to a few seminars that explained some of the basics about food, and did research themselves. They actually went to an all vegan diet! How well they have maintained it I am not sure. I do know, though, that they have been experiencing many positive benefits resulting from this education about diet and the way our bodies work. James started sleeping uninterrupted through the night for the first time in his LIFE, and his allergy symptoms also seemed to disappear, for starters. Anyway, this post comes after he did a 12 day cleanse, and some realizations and resolutions he came to at the end of it. You can read the whole thing here, but I’ve quoted the part that really resonated with me about sugar, the health of our children, and the willingness to just go out there and be a mean parent in everyone else’s eyes because you know what you’re doing is right and best.
First, trace the round lid onto the felt. I drew very lightly with chalk to see where to cut. I would suggest not using a pen or marker because it will bleed onto the felt and show up on the finished product.
We ordered the Cheddar Cheese Fondue. We really wanted to love it.... we really did, but it upset our stomachs. I don't know why... but there it is. The last time I went to the Melting pot my tummy got upset too. Sad, huh?
Yes it will be more work in the end but it is the right answer for our family at this time so I'm forging ahead. Of course as with any space, I like to start by identify the absolute requirements for the room and then build from there. So I've been considering how I want the playroom space to function and I think I've nailed down the perfect (for us at least) formula for creating a functional and inspiring play space.
There is still time.
that our kids will never know the same wise and Godly woman that I knew,
This flower bed took all day and a couple hours the next morning. I forgot to take a photo the next morning with the rest of the block around the flower bed. I put some of the day lilies from the other flower bed in this one along with flowers I took from other flower beds around the house. Purchased a few more. Separated some of his money grass and planted it around the inside edge of the flower bed. The next morning I also put up a shepard hook and hung two hanging flower baskets. These photos are from the end of the first day of working on it.
And at the present autumn he prepares the upcoming winter without that someone.
The formula is a little sheer so I would probably wear 3 coats next time (pictures are 2 coats). And since it's quite sheer, I wonder how it would look layered over darker colours?! Maybe it will be similar to CND 24k sparkle!
“You nearly scared me to death,” I say and tell him about the attack on my mother – a month ago, now.
I'm also supporting lovely Keren David's When I Was Joe, in the Simply the Book Category.
When I was born my babysitter told my mom "she was handpicked by Merle". My Grandma Merle is my dad's mother that I never had the chance to meet. Some of the stories that I have heard make her out to be quite the woman. I love hearing my dad talk about her.
Alexis is an even bigger cow in this book, and I'm so surprised that Callie put up with all her crap.
The final master plan report was originally expected for November 2008.
My dentist used this amazing laser machine that somehow just burns off excess gum. Dude... It's not even painful. I actually fell asleep. And it took only about 1 hour plus!
It’s free free free freedom
Youth brings many writers out of the woodwork. Penning what they believe is simply the best and most original pieces in existence. At this point you are so inexperienced and delusional that you are certain it will only take dropping your piece on a teacher’s desk and you will soon be in the ranks of Anne Rice or J.K Rowling. I don’t think any of the youth know or at least respect Hemingway, so I didn’t use him as an example.
If I could do that, that's what I'd do for my sweet friend Korin, whose birthday is tomorrow.
I'll admit it- I like some crappy foods. I enjoy the occasional fast food sandwich, store bought dinners, and easy boxed meals and desserts. I'm also not alone. I have seen many interviews with famous chefs where they purposely ask them what their favorite guilty pleasure is and most say a fast food joint or canned cranberries. So, even though I love to cook and bake from scratch and pride myself on loving some of the finest foods, I also love foods that are embarrassing. Here are some of favorites:
Only two more streets and I’ll be home.
To be honest, the second he said, DIY lamp kit.. an idea came to me and had to be created. He just felt the same way about his idea.
It does appear that they are trying to do something to stop it.
I took a quick trip down memory lane to reflect upon some highlights from The Beasties’ corpus of work.
1 chromatic
The author had created some scenes that involves several stages of relationship development.
I want to thank you for being part of my life. I want to say thank you for protecting me from harm and trying your best to raise me well. I look up to you in every way. You are the "the wind beneath my wings". You taught me that no mountain is ever too high, that if I try my hardest everything is just within my reach.
It did the trick. In fact, the electric train, which Cowen sold to Ingersoll for four dollars, was then itself sold to a customer. So Ingersoll asked for six more. From there came demand from other stores, and Cowen suddenly had himself a new business, manufacturing the new toys under a brand taken from his own middle name -- Lionel Trains.
I’ve been so busy getting my personal trainers certificate, I’ve started teaching bootcamp and I’ve been spending every free moment at the gym.
We all get heavier as we get older, because there's a lot more information in our heads.
63. Get Drunk and Be Somebody -- Toby Keith
And she watches the ship disappear for the length of a sigh
i don't know what it is - but i just always wanted a custom Harley - i just see myself riding it in the summer - turning heads - feelin' the metal between my legs - something magical about it all
It also comes in different colors, such as pink, white, black, and teal with brown.
Thanks for taking the time to read this,
‘Hospital at home’ is a reality. Hospitals are over-crowded, and it makes sense to provide services in the home when possible. The hospital risk management includes the latest gadgets that may be useful, such as the 'Neopuff TM' machine shown in the picture above. With the strict policies on inclusion in the program, it’s very unlikely that the midwives will need to use the neopuff. That will come out in audits down the track.
- a good nights sleep! I don't want to jinx myself, but Henry and Harper slept through the night last night without waking up once! This has NEVER happened! I'm sure it's just a serendipitous occurrence, but I'll take it! Especially since I've been up at least once an hour for the past few nights.
And I never said I don't want Chamille over I just don't want her over when I am not here and X rarely ever asks if she can come over cause he is always at your house. As for X doing his homework with Chamille, I just don't see much work getting done in that scenario.
I will say each of the theaters you named above have been extremely supportive when it comes to my childcare needs. But with the exception of sometimes having to say "I flat out can't afford/need more funds if you need me there because of the plane fare/childcare for two kids on the road" I make a concerted effort not to expect a theater to act as my nanny service. Often a theater will offer a list of names of sitters other artists have used, but other than that I don't usually ask for recommendations. I think the internet has probably made this easier for me. I can arrange for supplies (diapers, food, toiletries) to be sent ahead and can also hire my own sitters before I reach a city. I can't imagine what it would have been like if this were a hundred years ago. But then I think you could keep your kid in a drawer for at least an hour or two back then.
Wendy & Tony will be dancing a Foxtrot
Fabulous weekend, and fabulous memories!
It might not be when the first child walks out of those gates but somewhere along the line, a mother will say goodbye, a little choked by the enormity of her child not being at Pre-school anymore, and I will be Off. Tears will well, mouth will wobble, and throat will constrict with the effort to stop blubbing.
Chris was like, "What is your problem?"
1 predatory
Myra Lamb is a wild girl with mysterious, haint blue eyes who grows up on remote Bloodroot Mountain. Her grandmother, Byrdie, protects her fiercely and passes down "the touch" that bewitches people and animals alike. But when John Odom tries to tame Myra, it sparks a shocking disaster, ripping lives apart. Bloodroot is the dark and riveting story of the legacies-of magic and madness, faith and secrets, passion and loss-that haunt one family across the generations.
Here's a reality. I have call it 70 reviews on Dream Horse at BN. Most of them are 5 star. Some people hate this book. They think I'm stupid and I don't know anything about horses. One reader "cringed" at how ill-informed I am about all things equestrian. (I've had horses since I was 11.) Readers come with their biases. You can't please them all.
Himself had driven around 300 metres and ‘crunch’ the car stopped! The cam belt had broken…..
A middle aged woman had come across his embalming table after expiring suddenly. She had been the picture of health one moment then gone the next, or so the gentleman who pronounced her dead thought. Back in those days determining whether, or not someone was dead was more assumption then actual science. Her condition was far better than the usually stiffs he received for preparation, their skin ashen, their muscles rigor-ed, but not her. Her skin was pale, but her muscles were still supple. His loins stirred at the sight of her. Now as I said he was a lonely old sod, so he took to doing things that he might not otherwise if he had live companionship. Some of the things he did might have been considered disrespectful, even a crime by societies standards, but from his view point no one was being hurt. He held off embalming her not wanting to smell the fluid on her skin, while he played with her.
I had forgotten everything I’d read about the book by the time I came to pick it up. At first you’ve no idea what the Radleys’ secret is but it only takes two or three chapters to have a pretty good idea. When the big reveal arrived it was no surprise, put it that way. All you have to do is turn the cover upside down and it should be pretty obvious what the book’s about. Unless you have the German edition which has a teacup on the cover and that’s no help at all.
Now a study suggests that prenatal, but not childhood, exposure to BPA is connected to anxiety, depression and difficulty controlling behaviors in three-year-olds, especially girls.
How did you guess? Except that I did blog about it - in September 2009. Back then, I wrote a post disapproving of plans by the Labour government to introduce a national database for dogs.
yellow and orange bulbine
My father's contribution to the management of my teenage health was somewhat different to that of my mother. When I was at home for the holidays with one of those hacking coughs that to this day provides a winter serenade on the top decks of London buses, he would sit on my bed at night and exert me to develop the willpower to stop my coughing. It seemed to me that, from his perspective, my cough was a product of a lack of self-control and the remedy was Willpower and Faith in God. Since at that time I was a dutifully religious boy, it must be my willpower that is in short supply. A physiological rather than psychological rationale for my coughing wasn't, as far as I can tell, part of Dad's understanding of my condition, which is surprising in a man who was a science teacher. Perhaps he lost his faith in science at the time his faith in God burgeoned. If so it would be the mirror image of the trajectory of my later teenage years when I rejected creationism and a designer universe and plumped on science to provide me with a better understanding of the world around me.
Barry Ritholtz nails the right reasons for blogging, at least as they apply to me personally. There are many times when I let this blog lie dormant, always because of a crowded and/or inconvenient work and meeting schedule. And when it's dormant, I have a constant gnawing feeling as my creative side, such as it is, demands an outlet.
And it is!! First off my good blogging friend of many years and maker of the greatest Christmas puds since my Mum passed away, Liz, is launching her book today. I think it is likely to be in the chicklit category but I may well buy it out of loyalty and give it a read. I will pop over to hers later for the virtual launch party she is hosting on her blog today.
Hugo-"So, you're not my blind date?"
*If you are not a fan of Nutella, almonds or raisins, you can replace them for things you like!
efficient is to run through the process politely... effective leaves a flavour of special-ness in it's wake...
Every year here in Canada, we celebrate Canada Day with a parade and fun times at our local Rotary Stadium...and of course top it all off with some fireworks...for the past few years my daughter has danced in the parade and this year I got to enjoy sitting on the side lines to watch it...I thought it might be fun to play with this Canadian Celebration stamp set on my Canada Day layout...
Every time I walked from the water back to my beach towel, or along the beach, all I could see was little pieces of plastic! It was everywhere! So with the help of my environmentally conscious family, our beach days consisted of enjoying the sunshine, reading, swimming and picking up plastic. In less than an hour we managed to pick up all of this plastic litter just in passing!
The light changes. It goes brighter sometimes, as though it is attempting to break into the window, but fails miserably. Like a pulsating light that glimmers for a fraction of a second, barely noticeable. The illusion of pulses are probably caused by a cloud that blocked the sun’s rays, and then left, letting the light shine brighter, and then was replaced by another cloud that decided to park itself there above the sky, in front of the sun, and didn’t care that I am not getting enough sunlight through my window.
3. The Cypher feat. Sojourn + Jimmy Powers prod by Apple Beats
STOMA (the post-op aroma of COMA)
Obviously, everyone has defining events in their lives, things which will mark a sort of “before” and “after.” It’s generally not an entire year, though. But with Jackie, it seems like everything changed over the course of this one year and she had to decide how the rest of her life was going to go. She probably didn’t HAVE to work, but she chose to enter publishing. It’s highly possible that part of it was because (a) her second husband had just died and (b) her children no longer required as much care as they did when they were younger and (c) you can only fill so many days with shopping and a life of leisure.
Richard Checketts (Royal College of Art)
I groaned.
You are invited to the 1st Annual Charm City Beer Wars hosted at Mother's Federal Hill Grille. You get to choose who makes the best craft beer in Maryland. You as the consumer get to try multiple samples to help determine who has the best beer in Maryland. It's $30 all you can try. One vote per participant. If you missed out on the Charm City Wing Wars- you really missed out. Get yours to this now before it sells out.
Both Bank of Ireland and AIB Bank are in a state of imbalance currently. The value of their assets including loans and NAMA bonds are unhelpfully greater than “normal” customer deposits and senior bondholder entitlements.
This month of May is to be a very important energetic month, and while we will not at this time speak to the physical events set to occur in this month of May if all goes as planned, the purity of energies that are to make their way to you with the coming and passing of your current month are to set the stage for the energetic and physical manifestation of so very many beginning changes that you have been waiting for, for so very long.
How did your weekend shape up? Did you do anything fun or exciting? Is it frigidly cold where you are too? How do you feel about the NFL Playoffs? Do you care? My team was out a long time ago and the only other teams I would have liked to see go all the way got knocked out yesterday (Thanks Saints. Thanks Broncos.) So for me, football season is pretty much over.
The author, Maureen Sterans, B.A., M.S. has really hit on something here. I wish this was available when I was struggling through math.
Happy New Year!!!!!
128. Revolting Rhymes: Roald Dahl
In 1803, American legal scholar St. George Tucker said of the Second Amendment, “The right of self defence is the first law of nature: in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest limits possible. Wherever standing armies are kept up, and the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any colour or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction.” He also criticized the British government for taking away its citizens’ guns under the pretext of preserving animal populations; he saw it as problematic that few people were allowed to keep guns in their homes.
Christians are the salt of the earth and the light of the world. These are transforming attributes which bring wholesomeness and goodness to the world. Believe this, and act on it, and you may be surprised to see what God is able to do through you in bringing the light of Christ to your world.
It will make decompression easier.
I was at your mercy…
Deadline: January 15, 2011
Then...I had a baby...and didn't get a chance to do the giveaway.
Scarf - Salvation Army, 99 cents
Yesterday the blog reported:
Work work work like always. Orlando is coming sooner and sooner and I really need the break and the yearly reminder of why I love my job. The post-Joint Commission haze is fading and it’s back to business and chart audits as usual. Epic starts May 5th and I’m actually looking forward to it because it should eliminate a lot of issues. Should. Hopefully. Hopefully. Seriously- hopefully. I feel like I need a refresher course though…
4. Heat up some oil in a very large frying pan, add the meatballs and cook the meatballs until well browned and cooked through (this may take quite a while). Work in batches if necessary.
- Considering that England is only less than one quarter the size of India or the EU
New camera, check.
WHAT CONSULTATION?
I don't know that any of my ramblings will even help anyone, other than help me get it all out there. Even if no one reads this thing but me. :) I guess I just needed to say it out loud. It's hard right now...ALL my friends and family are long-distance. That stinks when you work full-time and all your friends are stay at home mommys. Not only do I no longer feel connected to that life, but by the time I think about calling, it's 10 pm. I email all day long now at work...to email my friends just feels cold and impersonable. Facebook is an old friend I like to visit for 10 minutes a day. If I don't comment on your page, nothing personal, there's just no time.
#Adeleke Adeite is a graduate of Economics Education from the University of Ado Ekiti,. He is a poet, motivational writer and songwriter. He has over four International Poetry Awards to his credit and has won lots of member contest on PoetrySoup International. He is passionate about building positive mindsets in youth . He fervently believes he is a product of God’s grace. He can be reached on princepart@yahoo.com
"I Was Glad to Do It"
Drafting Biotechnology Cases
Pale, Munich, Crystal and Cara-hell
Obama wouldn’t do
The original game of Quidditch was substantially less physically exhausting, giving its magical advantages. “I always get asked, ‘How do you fly?’” Klump said with a laugh. Obviously, there is no flying, but players do run around the field on a broomstick.
ONE ~ Don't go to games. Stop giving Dolan your money. I know the chances of ever pulling that off are zero and none.
....from word verification!
Lord Tebbit is correct, at least in terms of the BNP's economic policies. This is evident from even a cursory glance at the party's website which endores the 'renationalisation of monopoly utilities and services', it elaborates:
I hate to ask personal questions in this kind of context. I suppose I feel that I should be going after the answers myself. But since I had to ask something when it was time, I came up with a health question. (I’ve always got those.) I said that although I had been getting stronger and stronger with the energetic inputs I’d been getting from Michael and other sources, in the past few weeks I had been sick a lot and still didn’t feel like I was quite right. I asked whether I might have picked up something from a patient or been energetically damaged somehow in the course of my work. The person doing the reading had trouble getting anything, and other people tried to help. Everyone, including a Reconnective Healing practitioner who was in the class, felt that something was actually wrong, but nobody could put their finger on it. Betsy told me that I could ask again later, but I was feeling so completely filled with good Qi by the entities around me that it didn’t seem like an urgent question anymore.
2 cloves garlic, finely minced
Please,I don't need a standing ovation people. It was an easy decision.
10.)
Moral: Dressage comes FIRST, not last!
Sigil, the home base for the setting, is a perfect example of introducing "weird" into a game. Basically the place at the center of the multiverse, with doors to anywhere in the prime material and outer planes, the possibilities within it are potentially endless. What really strikes me as amazing is the city's layout. Shaped in the form of a torus like ring, one can literally look up and see the city wrap around with buildings above them. The city wards themselves change at randomly making it really impossible to fully ever map. And of course, there are the doors themselves which lead to pretty much any plane of existence one can think of. Some being hidden, open, locked, etc. The possibilities for adventure in Sigil alone seem endless.
The NKS B-programme EcoDoses project starthued in 2003 as a collaboration between all the Nordic countries. The aim of the project is to improve the radiological assessments of doses to man from terrestrial ecosystems. The present report sums up the work performed in the second phase of the project. The main topics in 2004 have been: (i) A continuation of previous work with a better approach for estimating global fallout on a regional or national scale, based on a correlation between precipitation and deposition rates. (ii) Fur- ther extension of the EcoDoses milk database. Estimation of effective ecological half lives of 137Cs in cow’s milk focussing on suitable post-Chernobyl time-series. Modelling integrated transfer of 137Cs to cow’s milk from Nordic countries. (iii) Determination of effective ecological half lives for fresh water fish from Nordic lakes. (iv) Investigate ra- dioecological sensitivity for Nordic populations. (v) Food-chain modelling using the Eco- sys-model, which is the underlying food- and dose-module in several computerised deci- sion-making systems.
Nature Study: Make a Lunar Calendar
Amrik and his uncle Dr Ajay Mehra, a medical practitioner in Faridkot, met Burney a few days ago. Hope rekindled after Burney assured them of all possible help to secure Surjit’s release.
Original Air Date: Jan 26, 2012
Of course there is another side to this story, and I don’t mean the man’s. It’s not an army of Brazilian androids, created by some mad (but genius) Brazilian scientist, that clean the bathrooms, prepare the coffee and style the hair. Women and men from outside the city travel hours and hours everyday, via three different buses sometimes, to serve the upper classes, for a salary that is less than what we would spend dining in New York restaurants. Or they live in small, windowless caverns carved out of the laundry rooms of big apartments.
Both of these images come from Artful INKables. Are these not the cutest ever??? The first one is a nutty treat bag with cashews as a treat (my personal favorite)! This was super easy to make and I love the colors and the paper. The ribbon actually came from an invitation to a wedding I just received (the things you don't throw away can always be used for 'something'). The squirrel and nut images were just what I had in mind when I made this! Oh, I ate all the cashews after I took the picture...I will have to fill the bag up again...
The garages were done in before they really got started thanks to the Great Depression. The Kents sold the 61st Street garage in 1931, although the building remained as a more conventional parking garage until 1943, when the building was refitted as a warehouse. (It's an apartment building today.)
I guess I'm really tired of the suggestion that an exercise in pen and paper will alleviate my suffering. How could something so deep be so easily assuaged? And how in the world do I manage?
This ambiguity is found here in Psalm 22 as well. In verse 26 it is the afflicted who seek the Lord who will “eat and be satisfied.” This is a “reversal of fortunes,” the afflicted ones will be lifted out of their troubles, they will no longer fear the oppressors. In verse 29, however, the “prosperous of the earth” will eat and worship as they bow down to the dust. This may be a reference to a future judgment of the nations at the beginning of the messianic age.
This barely reported giant step into darkness (few journalists understood it) turned loose banks, insurance companies, and brokers to engage in just about any business they wanted – businesses they knew nothing about, including the underwriting of a treacherous vehicle called the credit default swap. It basically insured the losses of crap-shooting masters of the universe even though the guarantors had no way to pay up and no way to disentangle the crazy derivatives they created. Meanwhile, Alan Greenspan, possibly the dumbest bastard in America, looked for new ways to deregulate other greedy bastards like himself who were almost as dumb as he is.
I have been doing Judy's Sunday Stash Report this year, and it has been a blast! I have made new blog friends and have seen some incredible stash busting! Unfortunately, I wasn't one of the stash busters. This was a year of stash enhancement for me, ahem, but it was still a lot of fun and I'm definitely playing next year.
This extremely dangerous blast moves towards every direction. Oh god of gods, what is it? Where does it come from? I don’t know.
With Earth saved from the Chitauri invasion and New York partially ruined SHIELD is threatened from the notorious councillors who launched the nuclear strike on Manhattan. Director Nick Fury is targeted by another organisation STRIKE who believe SHIELD placed the Earth in danger by creating the Avengers Initiative. But in the heavens an evil warlord named Thanos plans to bring terror and destruction to Earth. With his powers he plans to control each Avenger and destroy Earth from the inside out. However, in Asgard, Loki is on the brink of death from an unknown illness. For weeks he has visions of a world on fire, he insists it’s Earth but the Asgardians don’t believe him.
What's interesting to me is not that we needed someone to tell us the French are a bunch of "glass-isn't-half-empty-it's-fucking-dryer-than-a-bone" types.
JURIED AWARDS: Several juried prizes will be awarded, including “Best in Show”. The jury will consist of outside art professionals.
CONSTELLATION : latin name
Pike Brewing Co Seattle Pike IPA IPA
See you in the stacks!
Joesph Campbell in The Hero With a Thousand Faces explains quest in great detail, and may well be worth your look. According to Campbell, in myth and stories the monomyth or hero's journey follows a basic pattern. Campbell describes 17 stages or steps that can be broken down into three main sections:
It's just a non-issue. When we lived in Oregon, I was very aware of making lots of other options readily available, so that they were watching tv if they really wanted to, but not just out of boredom. Now we can't afford cable, but we get movies from the library ever week, occasionally get redbox movies and they can watch things online. And they do, but here we have a yard for the first time and L is at an age now where they can really play well together. So they play together, often outside, most of the day if we are home. Then we put a movie on in the evenings before bed. Movies still spark lots of good conversations and interests.
“Now I am reminding you, brothers, of the gospel I preached to you, which you indeed received and in which you also stand. Through it you are also being saved, if you hold fast to the word I preached to you, unless you believed in vain.” (1 Corinthians 15:1-2, emphasis added)
"Fucking Chinese."
It made his teeth look really, really white.
Hello friends and family!!! I was hoping to get some crafting finished over the weekend but.... Today is my BIRTHDAY!!! I spent all Friday running around in order to prepare for my get together on Saturday. Sunday, the family and I were invited to a friend's house for dinner. Today, I've been home all day watching movies. DVR is a beautiful thing because I never get to watch movies on a regular basis.
I understand if you can’t get behind Romney (well actually I can’t in this particular case, but as I would not vote for Santorum if he were the nominee I’m not going to say you must vote for Romney or work to get him elected if he were the nominee…although my anti-Santorum stance is based on reason, facts, and patriotism…your anti-Romney bias is based on what again? Lunacy? Anyway…) . But even if you don’t like Romney pouting helps no one. Civic duty requires that you participate actively in government in any way you can.
This villa, like a garden pavilion hung with a spectacular view of the sea, is part of a complex of houses located in Marina di Ragusa, the seafaring village of Ragusa, on a plot of land with beautiful views overlooking the Mediterranean and a stretch of coast in the direction of the island of Malta, distant about sixty miles off, and that in a bright day you can see clearly. The design of the villa derives from the influence exercised by the program of the Case Study Houses (CSH) implemented in the ’50s by John Entenza and the magazine he founded “Art & Architecture”. The house is more representative of the program is certainly the case study houses of Pierre Koenig’s Stahl House, masterfully photographed by Julius Shulman, became an icon of American lifestyle in the famous photo of the living room of the house with the background on the amazing night view of Los Angeles. The position of the batch of the project and the cultural similarities with that program became the essence of contemporary absolutely present after more than fifty years, has determined the main choices that affect the architecture of the house.
Ram Dass demonstrated through his stroke experience what it means to truly walk one’s talk, for he managed to re-frame a frightening, painful and shocking event that would completely change his life and abilities forever, into what he would eventually refer to as “fierce grace” (which also became the title of a wonderful film about his ordeal.) The teaching he offered is that all circumstances — seemingly good or bad from our own perspective — can be seen, felt and even known as God’s grace, if one is but willing to hold them that way and learn from them rather than merely complain and be the unfortunate victim of a terrible turn of events in one’s life.
When I drive her to school in the mornings, I like to listen to a specific radio station, which I lurve - 96 Rock. A couple of weeks ago, they did an interview with a somewhat well known pron star. Today, they were talking about the rate of STD's among people in their later years, and how it has gone up. They aren't shy about the dirty talk.
Good Morning and Welcome to the big annual customer blog hop. This is a big blog hop where are all Greeting Farm fans get to participate and show their love of the farm. I'm so excited to be playing along!
breakfast, sunshine, the beach, dogs. . .it was like a movie. And yes, he was very nice and not at all scared of my career or my tattoos.
William Tyndale's co-worker, Myles Coverdale produced the official Great Bible of 1539 which was authorised by King Henry VIII "for reading aloud in churches". The Great Bible was mostly the work of William Tyndale.
First and foremost, I would say it is my ever assuring faith and trust in the Lord. He not only brings me joy. He keeps me sane. I have to constantly remember that my steps are ordered by Him. Don’t get me wrong, I sometimes question where my steps are headed, but then I remember that even when others leave, He will never forsake me. His joy is invaluable.
This week’s challenge:
Because: similarly as with several other recent films (such as, say, Another Earth, Blue Valentine and The Messenger), it heart-breakingly explored the desperate limits of personal loss and how people might look to others for sustenance and/or escape. I was fully with all three main characters every step. Their everyday troubles and dreams were entirely relatable.
8. Comments/Recommendations
Ok so it’s not longer mothers day here … but it was, an hour and 6minutes ago!
Curtis: Can rewind time
I left around 11:30 (we got there at 9:00 am!) to get my hair highlighted. I was about 3/4 done getting the foils put in when I get a frantic call from Mr Pug. His task for the day was to take two of our pugs, Dixie and Harley, to the vet so they'd be cleared for boarding while we were gone. (Sophie went a week or two ago.) He went to get gas and while his car was on, he somehow got locked out... with the pugs in the car! He wanted me to come let him in with his spare key (on my keyring.) I tried to explain that I had chemicals in my hair and couldn't leave til they were done. Clearly that didn't make the situation any better. We couldn't find anyone to come pick up my key and bring it to him, so I just took off right after she washed my hair (soaking wet!) to try and help him. By then though, he had a locksmith come and open the door for him. Luckily his car and the pugs are ok, and they made it to the vet. We took some much-needed together time that night.
even though there were many strange
Casting the leads was the real surprise for moviegoers who saw the film in 1944. Deanna Durbin was the reigning sweetheart at Universal since she signed on almost a decade before. Unknown Durbin had made a short film called “Every Sunday” in 1936 at MGM with then also unknown 14 year-old Judy Garland. It was a screen test of sorts for the two young hopefuls. Metro kept Judy and Deanna signed with Universal. It is said that the lively Durbin’s popularity saved the struggling studio from bankruptcy. Her films were light as a feather and always featured her lilting operatic voice. Christmas Holiday was chosen as her first dramatic role and it was reportedly her favorite.
Come on out lady...but only if your ready. :)
The creation of the ancient Adamic race was accompanied by the formation of dark rain clouds that gathered in the heavens. It must have truly been a fearful time for the dark-skinned pre-Adamites way back in those ancient days, --- considering that this strange occurrence was also accompanied by unfamiliar angry voices speaking from the heavens in the form of thunder and lightning.
In the end…
So loved—O you banner leading the day with stars brought from the
Elemental: Undines (water-based nymphs)
Here is my list -- in no particular order:
This version of events plays into the beliefs of millions of protestors who have called for Zimmerman to be charged with murder for shooting the teen and believe the killing was racially motivated.
Now onto this week's challenge which is....
Note that it's a pdf document. The file name (Franklin-Madison_Agency_Agreement-signed-1.pdf) is consistent with the contract's heading. But see what happens when you access the File menu, and click the Document Properties link:
This was one of those moments for me. I was like: “WTF? did he just say that!”
town ordinances; I shall hang it in the Louvre! Nobody
I’m looking forward to home, and my family and friends and dogs and places where I can sit in the middle of the woods and hear birds. I’m looking forward to that so much. But I’m also… tentatively….looking forward to Florence. And even Tallahassee. And more adventures to come.
this new client is and all the possibilities I can bring to them.
Today we headed off bright and EARLY for his first day. He has three boys, favorite friends from kindergarten, in his class plus some of the girls he is friends with. He's sitting next to two of the boys and back to back with the other, so he's thrilled. The mom's have already warned them that friends get separated if they talk while the teacher is talking! The kids were all a-buzz with their new desks and their supplies all set up for them. Very cute. I didn't cry, but it does seem like he's growing up fast. Sniff, sniff!
A poem can be red, black or blue –
Using my largest Hello Kitty cookie cutter, I cut out pie crust for the tops and bottoms of the pies, then filled them with my apple pie filling (diced apples, flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and ground cloves).
The window for the current team to compete closes next year; at that point, Sid, Staal, Duper, Kuni, TK, and Cooke all go UFA. It is time to go-for-broke, and if that means moving out high draft picks or promising prospects (Beau Bennett, Big Dawg, Joe Morrow, etc.) for more NHL-ready help, the time to do that is now. Philadelphia has proven to be the team through which the Eastern Conference now runs through, and they will only get better as their young elite talent develops.
to have a real birthday party instead.
I was having an email conversation with Thea over the weekend which involved explaining a couple of Aussie slang words and expressions. I thought it might be nice to have a regular post on translating a quintessential word, phrase etc each week to try and help Aussify the world and maybe help with some confusion as to what we are really saying. With Mrs P's blessing I'm starting Translation Tuesday.
From time to time they ask for assistance. Sometimes they look so bewildered (on the subway) that I offer it without asking. It makes me see the city differently and reminds me to be nice when I really want to give them a shove (they amble, we speed-walk). In the meantime, I await the visit of Australian blog friends and hope I can help them see things they'd like to see and help them to feel welcome and comfortable (footwear is key - avoid sandals).
Police testimony in early court documents shows that Justin Patterson pushed him against a table and chairs. In a recent interview and in other documents, Mr. Neesmith said he took a “whipping” that caused bleeding and cuts. He showed a reporter repairs to two holes in the wall that he said came from the struggle.
I make mistakes and I'm still learning! I might often become someone that I don't like and have to change at times?!
Thanks Cara!
The "elite" journals of the time strongly advised parents to supervise the reading "of the rising generation during its first and formative literary experience"(a). The men and women who commented on children's books were convinced that the first books a boy or girl encountered imprinted an indelible pattern to which all subsequent ideas and impressions about the world would conform. The moral welfare of the rising generation seemed poised in the balance and they opposed the unscrupulous publishers exploiting the juvenile market with unwholesome pulp literature. Sound familiar? Further, "individuals who have taken to writing such children's books did so solely because they found themselves incapable of writing any other, and who have no scruples in coming forward in a line of literature which, to their view, presupposes the very lowest estimate of their own abilities"(b).
Today's post on Kidlit.com poses a very interesting question: What does your critique group or partner mean to you? It's a must-read for evaluating whether you're growing as a writer within your group. It's important to be challenged and to challenge those you work with, in return. It's also important to provide justified feedback, not just commentary.
The various models of the watches are available for the customers who are sifting the numerous collections to find the perfect watch according to their needs and likes. One cannot only find extensive functionality featuring models in the various watches retails, but also, on the World Wide Web as well. The online shoppers for the watches find it easier to sift through the various collections of the watches by wasting lesser time in window shopping with the help of simple clicks when viewing the online product galleries on the virtual retails.
Best post I've seen on it so far (linked in the comments) is this thoughtful talk about orientalism, exoticism, and who is asking these kids questions/editing the video, at "Adventures in the 4077th" It also uses the word "Koreaboos" which is a word I would love to see, read and hear more often.
The prayer that Jesus Christ taught here is a simple prayer but a powerful prayer. As you lay on your bed or stay in your room or offices, you can simply speak out this prayer believing that God is going to release ‘Joy and peace’, Joy in the Holy Spirit (which is the Spirit of Jesus Christ) into your heart. Joy and Peace in the Lord are like brothers, that usually comes together.
Gregory: you don’t want to talk
In proposing to replace the word euthanasia with the term “aide médicale à mourir,” the committee is introducing a euphemism that both trivializes and is likely to conceal underlying moral and ethical issues.
Hoping that you don't face the yucky bug any time soon, but if you do...know that you have my sympathies!
Okay, let's get to it...
"Just some bloke walking his dog - is that your girlfriend over there?"
That is so much harder than it sounds. Seriously, that one sentence does not accurately convey the contortions and cursing required to hold the book open at just the right angle with one hand while simultaneously holding the fabric in place with another hand while gluing the fabric down with another hand. Yes, that's at least three hands - that's my point!
phonetic 竟 (finally) + semantic 金 (gold)
It is romantic love story. One of the woman is going to be in a film with her favorite film star. But, she can’t go where the film is taken well by any problems.
sinks through the air,
Off the plot I’ve joined Hugh FW’s Fish Fight campaign – what a crazy policy we have were good fish get thrown back into the sea dead because the fishermen are not allowed to land them. Surely there’s a more common sense approach?
Artemisia tridentata var. tridentata (Basin Big Sagebrush)
Jessica Gonacha Ooohh... that's a hard one. I want to try everything! I think I might choose sculpture with found objects. I'm always so intrigued by work that looks like the pieces were found in junk yards and back alleys. IT seems like it would there would e an element of treasure hunting to make work that way!
And the darkness re-enters our souls.
The Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Awards Program celebrated its 25th anniversary this year. Past award recipients have included Howard Schultz of Starbucks Coffee Company, Arthur M. Blank of AMB Group (Home Depot, Atlanta Falcons), Pierre Omidyar of eBay, Inc., Ruth Fertel of Ruth’s Chris Steak House, Maxine Clark of Build-a-Bear Workshop, Tom Adams of Rosetta Stone Inc., Matt Szulik of Red Hat Inc., and last year’s national winner, Howard Lutnick, chairman and CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald and BGC Capital Partners Inc.
Vicinity: Old Chicago is located on Wolf Road, which is Albany’s main location for hotels and chain restaurants; this strip includes Outback Steakhouse, Olive Garden, Fuddrucker’s, and other chain eateries as well as a number of hotels, as well as the revamped Colonie Center shopping mall. Quite suburban and extremely family-friendly.
While we delight to be with God after death, we are incomplete without our bodies. So we do not look forward to going to heaven forever while our bodies waste away and decay. Rather we are looking forward to the world that is to come, a world were the God of heaven dwells with humanity on a newly created earth. In this new world, we do not live a “spirit-beings.” No, we live as fully human beings, body and soul, after our physical bodies experience resurrection.
It all started with one mailing.
Nightly
I asked French if he ever met Bruce Fish Senior? He said that "he had once or twice, when I was a kid". This is more or less what French related to me:
Today, The Mercatus Center held an event concerning the future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the mortgage giants in conservatorship. Arnold Kling, Larry White (NYU) and I spoke and answered questions with Hester Peirce moderating.
To the Goth kids who rock the heavy black make-up and pants that weigh more than I do with all the chains and buckles, I applaud you. To the hippie kids who rock the dredlocks and tye-dye everything I applaud you. To the girls who insist on wearing pants that are 3 sizes too small and tops that look like they were meant for an infant…I’m not sure I understand why you choose to dress like this but if you’re comfortable…then I applaud you as well.
“A constituent who resides across the street shared that her now 21-year old daughter would have gone hungry on many days while growing up, if it had not been for this pizzeria, and she cried when expressing how good Luigi had been to her. Godspeed to this generous spirit, Luigi Viaggio, your presence is already missed.”
“Prices will vary depending on the way in which you give us your typescript or computer files.”
I am from Bellingham, Washington, which is only about 1.5-2 hours north of Seattle. When I came back from Costa Rica I came back to my parents house. I had moved all my belongings back in with my parents before I left, since my lease at my apartment of two years expired a week after I left. And I wasn’t coming back to Seattle as a UW student, but as a graduate. I came home to realize how much I missed Seattle, to realize how much I had missed my friends and family, and how connected I really was to where I spent most of my life. I had a similar experience when I left for a month to go to Europe my senior year of high school- you learn to value what you have when you leave, especially when you come home. Now that I am back I am planning a return trip to Monteverde for an uncertain amount of time, but after that I am looking at a potential for National Parks job seasonally in Alaska. However, I am also starting to look into NGO jobs that would be more permanent. It is difficult not to have lag time in between school and the rest of your life when you spend your last school term abroad, still unsure of both what you want and what your options are. Ultimately, my point is that I said good bye to everyone before I left for Costa Rica knowing it wouldn’t be the same when I came back. I was right and wrong at the same time. Right in that it is certainly not since I spend most of my time in another town and come to Seattle as a visitor, however most friendships were similar when I came back. While I don’t endorse making such big decisions based on your friends and where they are- I would offer that it is important to be aware that after college ends keeping friendships is a choice and cannot be passive or they drift away. It shouldn’t change the choice of studying abroad, but perhaps how you plan before leaving and when you return.
I make my own root beer too! It's the easiest thing. AHS has two types of root beer extracts, one is normal root beer extract and one is a birch root beer extract. That birch one has that ZING!, that bite you taste in Barq's. I mix the two extracts half and half.
Okay, I admit it. The post before this one was a smoke screen, a weak attempt to convince myself that my relationship with Facebook was more akin to a giddy coffee date than a gluttonous multi-day orgy but orgy it was. I don’t actually linger there like a ne'er do well barfly but do check in possibly 20 times a day for a quick fix, a social bump, if you will. In my opinion, that’s over-commitment when there are other, more important activities to be done…like blogging (“Dear mom, I’m so sorry I made you look at that picture of those green cupcakes for so many days.”). So I’m solemnly swearing to fewer daily voyeuristic activities on Facebook and more engagement with the family, the pet, and the world around me in real time. I can do it. I can do it. I can do it.
attempting against Cuba’s
Slice off the crown and soak in mineral water.
This brought me to an interesting idea this past week as we were on our way to go eat out. Something I’ve been learning in therapy is that everything (generally speaking) is a choice. No one forces food in my mouth. I choose to eat out. And despite all of my talk about owning up to decisions (such as in the Cliff post), I am horrible at owning up to the fact that I eat out. Sure, I’ll tell you about how we do it all the time, but I will rarely take responsibility while I’m in the act of doing it. This has to stop. As I read what little I could find about eating in more, I found an interesting article (here) about how the first step is to give yourself permission to eat. And really, I don’t. I completely down on myself for eating out. One could go so far to say I hate myself when I eat out.
Some kind of communication breakdown occurs around part eight of “Shine On You Crazy Diamond Parts 6-9.” Gilmour’s guitar disappears in the mix leaving Waters to doodle around on the bass guitar until he comes in again to complete the song. On the whole the audience’s reaction to the material is a tepid appreciation. The first two new songs especially sound very much like what they are: a sequel to Dark Side Of The Moon exploring in more concrete musical and thematic themes the affects madness has upon the artist.
“No!” I said.
as the train announcements make you stir.
The path of these thoughts before, as I plod
I haven't included every pink, purple or yellow piece that I own (I still have a LOT of yellow, in particular), and I've carefully added a couple of neutrals (grey, black, cognac, denim) to balance out the colour.
Dastardly.
You're the coolest and you made my week!
I was going to save my reflection on this experience for the final day, but my brain has been bubbling over with ideas, and I didn't want to wait and risk losing a single one.
Eggplant -1 (big one)
In another Tx/IL story look for both The Woodlands (TX) and York (IL) to challenge (along with North Spokane, WA) the long standing 4 X Mile relay record (17:06.6, S. Eugene, 1976) this weekend. On the Girls side look for Chelsey Sveinsson (TX) to be the favorite in both the Mile and 2 Mile in the absence of Jordan Hasay. It's gonna be another great Prep Track weekend.
Aug 29th - Albuquerque, NM taught by Jennie Black - Open to stores & designers
Amend your CV, cover letter and portfolio for each position. Yes, it’s a lot of effort, but it will greatly increase your chance of employment. Make sure to ask for opinions and assistance with your CV and portfolio if required. This is another thing that the placements office can assist with and the final years will be able to provide another spin on it as well. If you get rejections from placements (it’s inevitable, don’t get put off by them), be sure to ask for feedback on your application.
The Wild Duck, by Simon Stone and Chris Ryan, after Henrik Ibsen. Set by Ralph Myers, costumes by Tess Schofield, lighting by Niklas Pajanti, composition and sound design Stefan Gregory. With Johngaden, Anita Hegh, Ewen Leslie, Eloise Mignon, Anthony Phelan and Toby Schmitz. Merlyn Theatre, Belvoir and Malthouse Theatre, until March 17.
I recently went to an area in Cape Town’s CBD called Bo-Kaap. It is a very old neighbourhood in the centre of the city. What makes this place so special is that it’s residents (who are mostly Coloured people with a Malaysian or Muslim background) paint their houses in the brightest, most vibrant colours, and because of their heritage, as you walk through the neighbourhood, you can smell the most sensational and fragrant curry smells. It’s a sensory delight walking through there, hearing the children play in the streets, smelling the delicious foods, seeing these brilliant colours and feeling the warm ocean breeze on your face. I took some photographs, which is actually the main reason I went there, but I would like to go again, but much later in the day, when the sunlight isn’t so very harsh.
Any probings of the heavily redacted document were resisted by counsel for the PSNI and all that was divulged about the assessment of the intelligence provided was that it was ‘medium-grade’.
It’s what we’re doing for you in 2011! We think you’ll be very happy with what we have in store!
Joyfully Growing In Grace engages in an examination of beliefs found in the Hebrew Roots Movement, Messianic Judaism, and Netzarim streams of faith and related sects.
A few examples of how the complete scrapping of the Imperial system would affect people and businesses around the world include -
Make a city with all the boxes and containers in the recycling bin! (Still a favorite around here!)
FEBRUARY 1997 – JANUARY 1998
UPDATE AS OF 10 A.M. EDT, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13:Workers at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant are pumping radioactive water from the concrete enclosure near reactor 2 into a turbine condenser. A series of aftershocks that rattled the area Tuesday has put the work behind schedule. Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) is inspecting another storage facility on the site to determine if it can hold contaminated water from the basement of the reactor 2 turbine building. Radioactive water in the turbine buildings is hampering efforts to restore cooling operations at the plant.
Smile!
I hope you enjoy this piece I designed trying to capture everything I had in mind.
Ezekiel 28:8 “They will bring you down to the Pit, and you will die a violent death in the heart of the sea.”
“I’ve got something but I think it may be a little melodramatic.” I looked at him and for the first time since I came to him, his eyes met mine.
I love cast iron. When I started cooking with it, at the beginning of last year, I declared that I would never ever use another frying medium. And, lucky for you, I’ve prepared a list of reasons why.
WAVICLE-DANCE, Samij Datta, 2012
Any other green lovers out there?
And there is now of course also a suitably glamorous hotel for the secret assignations of the homburg hat-wearers, or just an excellent cocktail for the weary Londoner. I took the Accidental Father here for supper one evening when he was in town, and lost him to his younger self. I finally found him, snapping away with his camera-phone, at a series of brass plaques on the roof supports. Forty or so years on he could tell me the date they bore without looking.
Lastly, I have to quote one line, “Target is covered in Nazi swastikas…I call it hostile”.
Anyway, you heat a cast iron pan on the stove top over medium heat for several minutes. Make sure your dough is lovely and rested, soft and at room temperature. Pat out small rounds of dough (4 oz. if you have a scale - which if you bought a pound of dough at the store means you're dividing your dough into 4 pieces) - just big enough for an individual pizza size, maybe 8-10 inches when it's patted out (however big your cast iron pan is would be a good way to decide this). Press the dough out (Mario recommends using a mix of flour and semolina to dust your surface, because the semolina gives you a little extra crunch in the final pizza); as you press it out, leave a little rim around the edge, but with the main part as thin as you can possibly make it - in fact, when you think it's thin enough, tell yourself you can get it just a little thinner.
More than two-thirds of the defendants charged with an immigration offense were identified as having been previously arrested. Thirty-six percent had been arrested on at least 5 prior occasions; 22%, 2 to 4 times; and 12%,1 time.
2. You have felt while reading the epic that it has more to offer than only the story.
The video above is a classic. There’s a brief Dutch subtitled interview with the band before it cuts to a live performance of “New Europeans”. This song seems to embody the apocalypse in all its compellingly schadenfreude glory. When the world financial system finally collapses under it’s own weight, I’ll be fanging around post-Apocalyptic Forster with this blaring out of the car speakers, raiding petrol with my cadre! Because when you think about it, aren’t we all New Europeans? Fine, that doesn’t really make any sense. Watch the video, let Midge Ure and the lads do the talking.
I also had some extra black beans that I blended with a spoonful of sour cream, some jalapenos, salt and pepper, and some minced garlic. This was terrific drizzled over the dips, spooned onto a chip, or even served with a fresh quesadilla!
And both Forest City and BUILD--the latter an organization created to negotiate the CBA, with no previous track record in job training--tried to deflect the issue by citing other evidence regarding project jobs and job assistance.
As it grew closer, Alice saw that it was the figure of a man, or was it a man? It seemed to be of human form, and male, but young, only a few years older than she was in fact. As he approached Alice realised, with a shock greater than any other she had encountered yet, why he was familiar.
Don't write query letters in the first person POV of your characters. It's gimmicky, just like the example in #202 below.
Green Farmhouse
He arose a Victor from the dark domain,
Roberta: Mother of 3!
Paula Williams. Fast becoming the name to go with Teresa and Della when it comes to short stories and serials. Paula took this year's class on short story writing.
11:00 AM - 3:00 PM
Day Two – Dunhuang
A lot of artists have begun to make use of fan funding sites to sustain themselves. What do you think of this method? Do you think fan funding could ever replace the traditional, top-down record label method ofdistribution?
Isn't it just lovely? She sais she's happy for me to share the picture of her lampshade, but there's no pattern, as she made it up as she went along, the clever thing. It does look like the perfect way to use up leftover yarn. But here's the thing: I have no yarn in the colours I'd like to use. So I have a Cunning Plan. I'm going to buy some yarn to make a knitted cushion cover in those colours, and then after I've made that, I'll have some leftover yarn! So effectively, I'm going to go out to buy myself some leftover yarn. Does that work for you? ;)
Woot!
Magic: The trappings could be just about anything...telepathic contact, a floating mouth appearing on a wall, a messenger imp that appears before the subject, etc.
Published 2012
Oh yes. The Texans were back in action after the crusher last week. My family were tailgating this time, though they forgot to tell us. So we got to the tailgate kinda late. It was all good as I grabbed a few of our Michelob beers left over from the Dontoberfest to have as tailgating beers. We actually picked up a variety pack of the Michelob craft beers and one of the boys brought in a 6 pack of Michelob lager. We packed up some of the BBQ chicken and burgers, then took some Michelob Lager and Michelob Porter to the tailgate.
Soooooooo.... I have some exciting news. After much waffling, I've decided to give The Talisman series a makeover.
Every time he's gone to nursery this winter he's ended up with some form of contagious disease that makes it so that he can't go back for two weeks. He was healthy enough to attempt nursery again on Sunday, and when I got out to the car and saw my boy (Michael picks the kids up from their Sunday School classes, as I tend to be accosted in the hallways regarding various music issues), he pointed to his head and said, "Bonk." As in, "I bonked my head."
Ad Age had a very interesting piece on the effect of social media on politics. The conclusion they reached was that social media has not had nearly the impact claimed on politics in the US.
Wouldn't it be amazing if there was a list of options on your tax forms for you to indicate how you would prefer your taxes to be spent? You would simply check the box on the item/s you consider most important, and your tax dollars would be equally divided amongst them. The neo-cons could check military and defense spending, the bleeding hearts could check wellfare and low income housing subsidies, and anyone with half a lick of common sense and self preservation could check healthcare, roads, and EDUCATION. Then everyone would be happy and true Democracy would have its day in the sun. The end. Ok, so maybe I'm oversimplifying a wee bit...but there's merit in the concept, right?
(Isaiah 63:9).
He refused. She insisted. He said, “Be careful.”
A few weeks ago, James called me & told me that he felt like he was ready & it was time for him to be baptized. He said he wanted Grandpa to baptize him on his 20th birthday in the lake while we were on vacation.
I sat down and analyzed my storage needs. This was easy for me since I was really lacking and living without for a few months now, and living with piles of insanity. I knew exactly what I wanted to keep the area useful for me:
Less is more! So goodbye to this stockpile.
I have very often talked about how we live in the Information Age and that means, to me, taking very seriously the information that is presented to us. It is to be checked, drafted, discarded, kept. Probably not really in that order but all those steps are vital to a healthy mind.
The Witness starts out with two 17 year old girls making fake ids and going to a club that they have no business being it. Elizabeth is a straight laced perfect lady looking to kick up her heels for the first time. She has never been out on the town. Julie is the girl who is determined to help her do it.
Heat oven to 400F. On lightly floured surface, roll out 1/3 of dough at a time to 1/8" thickness. Keep remaining dough refrigerated. Cut with floured cookie cutter. Place 1 inch apart on ungreased cookie sheets; sprinkle with sugar.
But the worst thing? I didn't. Try that is.
LS2 lesson 3
Tomorrow, while the weather holds up (though about 10 degrees lower than today), I intend to do the harbour cruise, and see Seattle from a different perspective. I also plan to visit the Aquarium, something I enjoy doing in places, though I have never quite worked out why? Soothing effect maybe, otherwise, not a clue.
2 expect
of my lungs
“Let me-“ Addison tried to say something but the girl hung the phone up, the last thing she heard was the woman’s giggle. “Damn it.” She glared at the phone in her hand, calling the manor again.
In case I haven't mentioned it like maybe 100 times the past few weeks, we are leaving for Florida later this week. I tried on the board shorts I normally wear over my swimsuit (that I cannot find) and they wouldn't even go over my fat butt!! Really?! We'll be swimsuit/board short shopping today. And possibly school clothes shopping... just to get a little ahead of the the game. School starts back August 25. And we have a ton of stuff going on the next few weeks.
Back during the WW2 era and the Baby Boomer generation, the big thing was graduating high school. So many kids dropped out to get jobs and help support the family, and obviously entered the work force immediately. College was something that mainly the wealthy did because they could afford it. Obviously, with the wars, and the high percentage of people who served in the military, the GI Bill enabled many vets to go and get a higher education. This translated into the generation before me and my generation. Parents often said " NO! YOU ARE GOING TO COLLEGE!" And now the late part of my generation (and the generation after) is doing college-level work in HS, and basically post-grad stuff in college.
- Crocs (have some pride and do not ever wear these, ever).*
The Springfield City Council has five full time aides.
Level 3: Potions Recover 128%.
Schadenfreude?
7-9pm, The Golden Hind, Milton Road.
10. Burn Notice - Its a show about a fired (burned) spy named Micheal. He gets dumped in Miami and has nothing they call his ex girlfriend Fiona who is a bit trigger happy and his friend Sam who is retired and informs for the FBI. His mom also lives in Miami, but Micheal is not fond of his family. Another great show :D
This may be the worst picture EVER (Oh, Aidan and that big head!), but I wanted you all to see how big her belly is.... I feel so sorry her. And the heat index was 104 today. Aidan even said when we got home the first time. "Isn't her belly just gonna pop?!" If he only knew what was really going to happen, how donkey no. 5 was going to enter this world. Maybe it's time to have that "birds and bees" talk. Or that donkey and donkey talk?! WTH am I talking about... I have no idea.
Heat the wine and kirsch together until they start to steam but do not let it boil. Turn down the heat just a little bit, then add a small handful of cheese and stir until melted. Keep adding cheese and stirring until it's incorporated until all your cheese is gone. If you add a hunk of cheese at one time, you will have a hunk of cheese and the liquid alcohol and it will be very hard to incorporate properly (although it is possible to do so if you make a mistake, but it takes patience and a really good whisk). Once your cheese is fully incorporated and smooth, add nutmeg and pepper to taste.
These are just a few ways to get your foot in the door. Keep in mind, it is an art and it may require changing it up to accommodate the company, the market, or the hiring manager. Be willing to change, and you will be successful. Always greet an employer with a smile, a firm handshake, and a relaxed attitude. Be ready to give your 30 second elevator speech anytime you are out, even to the grocery store. You don’t need luck if you have the skill.
Ted nods "And to give you two a bit more responsibility you will be joint interviewing all applicants. I will have the final say. So I need you two to work closely together this week and come up with a plan of action. Go Team Sales!"
With all the increasing costs regarding essential goods, issues with provider countries, and also the imbalance between supply and also requirement, it might be an inevitable experience regarding drivers to start considering the use of fuel effective cars over well-known, super-powered counterparts. If the car market offers everything to state about this, it really is clearly that individuals should start opening their minds to green choices. The final five many years possess given way in favor of the particular development associated with mixed-style models, electrical cars as well as smart cars for your brand new era regarding accountable customers. If you want to turn out to be part of the trend and help relieve around the world, along with reduce your own regular gas costs, here are a few of the most energy efficient SUVs as well as vehicles associated with this you can consider buying.
In the story, Robert Langdon and the villain of the story are searching for the secret symbol of freemasons that is supposed to hide the secret to unleash human potential. The chase is as usual good and the author has made it interesting by involving Government agencies, research institutes and myths behind secret societies.
that these two boys are creepy.
6) You can’t be sisters! That’s not fair to the rest of the family trees to have 2 peices of fruit as beautiful as you. +
My other tip would be that if you think your hair needs a major overhaul (eg. visible roots etc) buy a relatively inexpensive hair colour and treat your hair a night or two before the wedding, colouring your hair usually gives it a bit of extra oomph for a few days and it is a cheaper alternative than going to the hair dresser.
Though the previous week
32. Santa Claus Has Got The Aids This Year - 1980
That would be a "free speech" problem, right?
A few hours went by and I watched the demonstrations become larger and more central. This made the police very nervous and so, acting on intelligence I guess, they used their vans to completely block off the entrances to the important streets. It looked as if they were expecting a full scale riot. Instead, we got treated to an antique car rally that wound itself through the streets towards Piccadilly, the area of my next (and last) call of the shift. A 35 year-old woman was reportedly ‘collapsed’ and unconscious in a five star Hotel.
PolyLine is a constant-width stroke that interpolates a set of points. An interesting feature of this stroke is that it is permanently non-interactive, that is it bypasses the normal stroke interaction for mouse or touch points. Instead, the user manually adds vertices to the PolyLine. Like any other constant-width stroke, it is assigned a solid-line drawing engine by default, which produces the drawing below.
The conversation should be about informing and persuading, and yet all it ever seems to be about is belittling and berating. It doesn’t matter whether you believe only in the numbers or think it’s all hogwash (do people still use that word?). Why would anyone want to listen to what you have to say if you’re starting your argument with some variation of “here is why you are stupid”? Why would anyone want to talk to you if all you are going to do is scoff at them? And what is the point of discussing hockey (or anything else) only with people who think exactly like you and don’t have any other points of view? Why is it always about how wrong someone is and not about respectfully showing them how you came to your conclusion, instead?
Kenneth Brass – Trumpet, Edwin Williams – Trombone, Steele L. Seals – Sax
I have only a vague grasp of how the nutritional properties of flax seeds benefit the human body. I do know that after bike racing and marathon training, we crave these muffins, and that must mean something. They are stellar recovery food. I always make a double batch.
3 tablespoons Campari
I am of course delighted that he's back home. I hadn't realised quite how much I had missed being able to chat in the evenings, and to sit with him on the balcony in the mornings drinking coffee, before he set off to work. It's also so helpful that he can now get my shopping for me on his way home from work, to save me struggling on the bus and up the hill with heavy bags.
Always felt
Koh, who is also the Gerakan president, said there was no necessity at the moment to emulate Singapore which had set July 21 as ‘Racial Harmony Day.
Never before in this universe has any world risen out of entrenched darkness with such speed or had such monumental assistance from myriad light sources. Never before have so many highly evolved souls come from other civilizations to participate in a world’s spiritual revival. You are making universal history!
Bottom Line: $22 is not exactly cheap for a bottle of nail polish. However, Dior has a nice range of unique shades to choose from and the formula is quite stellar. If you are on a budget, definitely check out Exquix. For those looking to splurge, this holiday collection is a great place to start.
When I think of the word "bittersweet," examples easily come to mind that convey more than just regret or suffering in the face of happiness, more than unexpected complexity. But no one is safe from its call, so intertwined it is with the drama of living. Perhaps, though we don't like to admit it, the bittersweet is prized like nutmeg in the early days of the American colonies. Draped around one's neck, whether exposed like a status symbol, or hidden beneath layers of cloth and held, it is something we need to keep close. Perhaps not so much a sign of cosmopolitanism, but of the pitfalls of living life fully--a mantel of pride nonetheless.
Demographically doomed, white South Africans paid the ultimate price (suicide) for not having been as ruthless as the white settlers of America or the black settlers of South Africa had been. Being the nice guy in Darwin's Zoo is not very wise if you want to survive, now is it? But then, white America will be in the same boat in 2050, and Europe will not last longer than a few centuries more. Mind you, if Africa continues to double in population every 25 years then she could control the whole world by 2200 - because who can possibly outvote 100 billion! To add to Orwell; we are all equal, but some are more equal….because they are more.
Dear Chickens,
Sadly, Michael Barry died last year at the age of 69. I remember him well from the BBC Food and Drink programme which we watched regularly.
Best wishes with your personal challenges today.
Vivacious, gorgeous, intelligent and bedecked with both jewels and men (one often contingent upon the other), Paulette Goddard led one of the most fascinating lives during Hollywood’s Golden Age. Upon the 101st (or 100th or even the 106th, depending on what source one accepts) anniversary of her birth, I’d like to bring to light a few interesting facts about the comely and much married star that you might not know.
Anyway, Express started off their pre-season in a brilliant move. Snatching sure-fire contributors and veterans Nelbert Omolon (12ppg and 5 rpg) and the underrated Mark Isip (7 ppg and 3 rpg) by just losing Daa and whomever the hell it was.
They knew Vasotec® contained sodium bicarbonate, but they did not know how sodium bicarbonate functioned in Vasotec® or that the "alkali or alkaline earth metal carbonate" recited in claim 16 included bicarbonate. Bench Trial Opinion, 2004 WL 1498162, at *11-12 (finding Dr. Murthy and Dr. Harris "completely credible" witnesses). We cannot say that the district court committed clear error in assessing the credibility of these witnesses and finding an absence of deceitful intent.
A final point: police forces have often been asked – indeed, some have offered – to take drugs dogs into psychiatric facilities to help identify patients who possess illicit substances or to identify whether drugs have been brought in. Knowing a few dog handlers quite well, it’s fair to say that those who have done it have sometimes reported that the dog thought it was Christmas because every ‘find’ gets a reward (usually a toy, sometimes a snack). In some wards, no issues at all.
I just discovered a great body of work by Artiva Design, an Italian creative studio. Much of their work is monochromatic, and uses line, space, and type as image quite effectively to create motion and energy out of just ink and paper. They make really beautiful print work. Definitely something to aspire to.
Oddly enough, my post about making the Planet Earth Cake. It easily surpasses every other post I've ever written in popularity. (I set my Popular Posts widget to "Last 30 Days" in order to give the other posts a fighting chance.)
Michael Cimino’s second film was the period at the end of a long sentence that was the Vietnam War. Name Your Link">The Deer Hunter may have been the most, sadly forgotten film by many, as it’s rarely shown on television and certainly not on pay cable channels. It was the darkest side of the war that everyone knew was terrible, dark, sad and cruel.
While the lamb browns, thinly slice the shallots.
You may have noticed that my posting pace has slowed down a bit this week. I've had an issue with my hip joint that escalated for the past 7 months. I've spent that time working through various therapies and treatments. Unfortunately they didn't work. It reached the point that I had to have some major surgery done to repair the problems. Happily, I've made it through the surgery and I'm now home starting my long road to recovery!
And a flange of baboons;
You probably have all you need in your pantry and fridge, so call a few friends, set a pretty table, open a bottle (or two) of wine, and enjoy. Très français.
Hey - I might need them someday.
PS: The Hispanic shooter, whom the media so desperately wish was white
The following summer a ban was placed on smoking at all Surf Coast beaches. The decision marked the adoption of the first coastal smoking ban in Victoria.
You have to choos based on your needs without be influenced by price, you'll buy yor card once and it's going to store your pictures, your videos, your work, your memories... having said this just go and choose.
Nunca supe que había falsía,
Yours the white rapture of a winged soul,
I had exactly one hour to drop Glen off at work, drive home, and fill his prescription. I knew I was cutting it close so I was driving as fast as possible. Both the doctors and nurses told us numerous times to stay on top of the pain killers and never let him go without or longer then the time span for the first day. I finally got to Walgreens and had 10 minutes before I was supposed to give him his first dose. I pull up in the drive through and the pharmacist told me it would take 40 minutes. I about died. I told them I had a 6 month old baby that just got out of surgery and I was in a really big rush. The guy just pushed me aside and told me to wait the 40 minutes.
"Reaching For Sunset" - the colours are GORGEOUS on this one - way better even than on your computer monitor! A beautiful mermaid reaching for the sunset from under the water! Whenever I see water from above, I like to think about the interesting things that could be going on down there, and I wonder what our world looks like from below. Great colours in this one, and some little fishy friends!
remembered a local newspaper article two days
If we had thought of it, we probably would have rejected it.
The D.C. Public Library’s Washingtoniana Division will be having its first ever
Christians do not evade paying their legitimate taxes nor any other debt they owe.
Normal vs. Zoe's heart:
So yep, that's about it for today! Its a bit late, I apologise! Alright, back to bed!
880 **D-V/20/1984. “The Uses of ‘Nature’ in Martin Luther’s Christian Liberty.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 318-42.)
It may surprise you to know that of the frequently going 12-39 age group (45% of the movie-going population), women outnumber men (though slightly). But while the overall numbers of moviegoers are slightly female heavy, the ticket sales are exactly even. Consider this in light of the fact that 2010 saw a net swing of .9 tickets/year in favor of men from 2009.
Have fun if you are off now.
Many will confidently interject in support of civic proselytising of “undeveloped and poor” societies, saying “That is expected” or “That is just natural” or the rhetorical “How can anyone think otherwise?” Becoming more aggressive the assertions will become “That is heartless” or “If you do not believe in this (or that) you are deviant, or a monster, or execrable”.
It's time for our new challenge over at the Paper Crafting Journey! For this fortnightly challenge, our theme is Black + one other. I LOVE the contrast you get from such a card.
541510 Computer systems design & related services
Gigs are part-time or short-term jobs and gigonomics is the art of juggling several gigs simultaneously in lieu of one fulltime position with benefits. Since this is nothing new for an estimated 1.4 million people in North America (let’s call it Gig Nation), it’s no surprise to see gig-related words creeping into our vocabularies.
Rayanne is a MASTER dater. In the days (and with Rayanne usually months) leading up to sex, Rayanne can command a potential boyfriend like a snake charmer controls a python. It is an incredible sight to behold. She has them dropping her off and picking her up and paying for flowers and holding doors and sleeping next to her, but not ‘touching’ anything. I swear, this is the case. I call this process her “Mormon plan”. I’m always saying to her, “Oh, are you putting that poor guy through the Mormon plan?” And she always is. There’s always some poor soul, WILLINGLY, participating in the Mormon plan. It’s a strenuous program for these guys, let me tell you. I don’t know how they survive it.
Jump in the alarm on 3 and it will be slow. Jump in the alarm on 6 and it will be boilerplate speed. Jump in on 9, and it will be fast.
To make the sabji/bhaji/veggie
New photo a day challenge! Follow along on twitter or instagram @mrssmcp, if you like. I didn't take a picture for yesterday, so I was behind but caught up today (oops). I'll post the last pictures from March soon.
Letters containing a white powder that turned out to be cornstarch were sent to various New York banks and media outlets, and one was sent to Mayor Michael Bloomberg, reports the Associated Press.
Saturday I still had a migraine and no energy, but I managed to mow the flat fenced in part of the yard. Did around 12 loads of laundry(which I will admit I have not folded yet :/ ) The kids chose that day of course to be obtuse and not want to do what Mommy told them to. So, to help them feel better and make my job a bit easier we decided to have popcorn and watch a movie before bed. I ended up choosing a movie for them because they couldn't all agree.
Why is it that 20 minutes after we get in bed, you decide you just now want the food you were eating 4 hours ago..
Kitty xx
Tripel Karmeliet: Aside from macaroni & cheese, hot dogs, cereal, and pancakes, bologna was the only thing I'd eat until I was about six years old. I was nuts for bologna. And while that love affair endured, it didn't have frills; I wanted only a few slices of Oscar Mayer bologna with dill pickle chips on white bread smothered in plain yellow mustard. Had my five-year-old self had his way, he'd have eaten this simple bologna sandwich for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Who or what motivated you to become a composer?
MESSAGE
Anyway, the place was cozy and well lit.
1. They have a sense of style. Not just the ones who look gay, but all Chinese men seem to have a good sense of style. I don’t see the baggy jeans all torn up around the bottom from dragging on the ground that I see at home. Chinese men do seem to keep their shoes immaculately clean and even shiny in some cases. They wear shirts that fit properly and aren’t old, faded, or deodorant stained under the arms. They freely wear all kinds of hats, ties, suit jackets and even have those man bags (suspiciously feminine but doesn’t mean you’re gay.) They keep up their hair styles and trim their beards for the precious few that can grow them.
This, honestly, is the big thing that I've been meaning to share with my fellow Rom fans for years. The one that's prompted me to finally clean out my queue of Rom items. At first, I sat on it just because I was hoping I'd hear from him soon with more scans of his newly purchased stickers. But days turned into weeks turned into months and I let it go. (Have I mentioned I'm a master procrastinator?) So my apologies to the Rom community for not sharing this a long time ago.
26.) From Climbing the Mango Trees by Mahdur Jaffrey:
Is this a beginning or an ending? Not much room left to write, Virgil. Your pages are full, and I’m so tired.
Claire C
Tuesday, November 15 - 7 pm MST, 9 pm Eastern
I turned on a classic rock station, and to my delight they were playing softer tunes than usual. We both loved that real old school rock and roll, but now the moment required something a little more delicate, something soothing.
- Carl Schmitt, Politische Theologie (1922)
(sorry about the image quality, checking out a new camera and I haven't quite figured it out.)
This Canvas has more techniques than I can share in one post so I am going to share one of the techniques I used in this canvas which you will find below these photos.
b. A 1920’s movie starring the first Native American lead actress in USA history
So: the original Poseidon Adventure, an inspirational, emotionally affecting suspense picture. Now let’s look at Poseidon. As we know from Das Boot and A Perfect Storm, Wolfgang Peterson is an expert at photographing sinking tubs and the people who drown in them. Unlike those more successful, earlier outings however, this time Peterson forgot to put any people on the boat. If you made a silent movie about rats trapped in an upside down model sailboat (say, Stuart Little’s) and the rats managed to scramble somehow to the top of the boat, the results would be exactly like Poseidon. It is as though Petersen decided to take the last five minutes of A Perfect Storm and expand it to two hours. It may very well be that Petersen has done his science homework and a capsized ocean liner only has minutes before it goes down. That would be all very well and good in a documentary. But a fiction film needs air pockets if we’re to form any attachment to the characters…and we ought to form attachments to the characters if the film is going to have any meaning…and a film should have meaning, shouldn’t it? Poseidon is a large screen video game, less important to us than the accompanying popcorn. We neither know nor care anything about the little band of anonymous ciphers who inhabit this story beyond their names and occupational and familial titles. They are no more important to us than the hundreds of extras who are ritually drowned, crushed, shattered, burned and electrocuted in this mildly violent ballet of death.
2 museum
various retailers, less than $2/packet
Lorelei's review states, "I especially like that he told the background of his two vampires throughout the story and it helped not only hold your attention, but also developed the two
But one-third of Title III districts—which collectively served about one-half of the ELLs that receive Title III support nationwide—reported in 2008-09 that they had missed one or more of their goals for English-learners for two or four consecutive years, which subjected them to accountability actions such as developing improvement plans and notifying parents of their status. In those districts that fell short for two or four consecutive years on their goals for ELLs, 71 percent also were identified for improvement or corrective action under Title I of the NCLB law.
And the next one.
AKA: Ghosts of Ashbury High (US)
Are you keeping up with all the CHA news ? Check out the Simon Says Stamp Blog as Heidi and Steph are there working the floor and checking out all the new goodies to fill the store with ! Check out the sneak peeks being shown on the blog everyday this week !!!
JAW: Challenging convention? Certainly not at first. I grew up in southern Illinois in a working class town. I had little access to or knowledge of a visual creative world. I went to schools too poor for art classes. I became interested in photography after I graduated from college. My mother and I took a photography class from a high school shop teacher in a neighboring town that had grown up around oil refineries. These same oil refineries have since become part of my current project DOG TOWN.
18. Spit It Out
So when I saw a recipe on-line a while back for making paneer cheese at home, I cut and paste the recipe to an email, sent it to myself and archived it. What I cut and pasted is below this post. I'm sooo sorry to the blog where I found the recipe because I can't for the life of me remember where I got it.
Ke$ha- Animal My favorite guilty pleasure artist, defies convention merely by spelling her name with a dollar sign. I must also add that I don’t feel very guilty about listening to her. Oops. Besides, most of this is so fun to dance to. And I think she actually has a lot more talent than seemed evidenced upon first glance. Or second glance. Take It Off: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edP0L6LQzZE&ob=av3n
We are just a bustle of activity right now, and in the middle of that bustle of activity, I still have to try to figure out school stuff, routines, etc.!
And then there's the big giveaway. The Mac-Daddy of giveaways. The biggest, baddest giveaway of all time. Let me start by asking a question - have you gotten your copy of Beads 2011 yet?
Gold is trying to establish an uptrend, after a two month correction, and gained 1.2% on the week.
a book, a movie, an old Vogue, a piece of art or a retrospective fashion exhibition.
Screenplay: Andrew Niccol.
greatest musical experiences of their lives.
Cover and let it rise for another couple of hours.
by string.
She doesn't know anything, this little girl.
Q. Do you think this administration has got what it takes to lead Nigeria to the next level?
Danielle was only 26 when she died, which I think it makes it harder for everyone to believe it. So far all I know is that when she passed she had pneumonia. She went into cardiac arrest at the hospital, and they couldn’t revive her. She was a proud member of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. She danced all her life, and in my eyes she was great. I looked up to her, and I wanted to be like her. She was nice to everyone, and had a great personality. She’s a college graduate from High Point University, but was going to back for a second Bachelors in Nursing. The saddest thing about her passing is she’s my Aunts only child. I pray for strength for everyone because this is a hard loss for the world. Just remember, have faith and we will overcome every struggle.
It was friendly. I asked about a wine, "Passion Has Red Lips," and the clerk didn't sneer or look at me blankly...she looked it up, and another clerk made helpful suggestions. They apologized when they could not find it.
After researching further, I’ve concluded that I’m already working on the first and most likely catastrophe, which is the loss of an income. If my husband loses his job, we’re in serious trouble. By getting out of debt and saving an emergency fund, that situation won’t be as scary or as hard to manage if we’re prepared.
Lord Stoddart confirmed the existence of the plot thanks to a parliamentary written answer in the House of Lords. He asked Foreign Office ministers to reveal what they knew about the merger talks.
This was followed by a leisurely stroll through the El Prado, a brief pause at the Spreckels Organ Pavilion for a free concert and finally, The House of Pacific Relations' International Cottages where there was a pre-St. Paddy's Day music & dance festival from the House of Ireland (along with a slew of other exhibits, performances and food/drink samples from the other houses.)
TL;DR - Aussie kid tries to survive his evil family. No kangaroos in this one. - 9/10
He shrugged, “I don’t know, yesus, these bloody Chinese, they said to go back to the hotel.”
By the way, I hope a 22 year old bitching about feeling like an old man makes everyone older than me feel ancient. The only way I’ll feel better about myself is tormenting you geezer fucks.
I love the ending! I didn’t see that coming! I expected something quite the opposite and love this book all the more for it! And I’m not going to spoil it for you!
Disappointment, and frustration erupt,
Can you even imagine what our world would be like? Many people will not survive simply due to the lack of food and water that will occur. Water will only be available to those who either have an artisan well or pumping well, natural spring, or some type of body of water. Food will only be eaten by the people who store, grow and protect it.
On March 3rd, over 300 supporters of the tuition equity bill converged on the Oregon State Capitol for a Senate Education Committee hearing regarding SB 742.
Give this a try and please let me know what you think! I loved it and can see myself making many more as the season progresses.
Theme
“The next stop is mine.” I lie.
You, too, encounter versions of these things which it would be better not to discuss.
* Sometimes they have to work a little harder to do the same things that you do. I asked for volunteers to write their names on the white board. Then I put a thick sock on their hands and asked them to write their names again.
Here are three questions and answers to help you understand what keywords can do for your business.
‘If a company has just been issued with a new permit, the EA will give them an OMA within the first year. If they already have a permit the EA will carry out an OMA every four years. With our Pre-OMA Audit, we’re now able to provide companies with vital guidance to help them understand areas for improvement, so they’re not faced with any surprises, once the EA visit.’
Eastern Catholics (those Catholics which celebrate other liturgies such as the Byzantine, Armenian, Coptic or Syrian liturgy) generally adopted the later Roman practice of delaying communion until “the age of reason” once they entered union with Rome (1500 – 1700s A.D.) and thus discontinued infant Communion. This is explained by Pope Benedict XIV’s encylical Allatae Sunt (On the Observance of the Oriental Rites), given 26 July 1755. First, Pope Benedict XIV explains that:
It was created in Word and printed on 110gsm stock (white).
I like seeing designs emerge, and I customize almost every piece I do — sometimes changing stitches and threads, almost always changing colors. I do work on painted canvasses, even finishing some.
But if you talk to anyone in Bamako, things have changed.
Guess I'll have to take another stab at the colors. I have a cup holder that has the sand-and-sky colors I am looking for in it. I guess I'll just have to cough up the cost of paint. Rats! I was hoping this would be a free project! Oh, well. Paint is cheap.
It's time to watch the children grow up
But the main focus tomorrow will be on the people who actually turn up.
Now, be careful! This box, that you get from the decorations, only gives you pots and Maple Coins. It can also give you a better box, the box that you obtain from monsters, the 9th Anniversary Celebration Box:
It comes with 6 eye colors: Buff Pearl and African Violet, Sateen Eye Colour in Tawny Apricot, Matte Eye Colour in Rich Cocoa, Pale Pink and Black Plum. As well as 2 cheek colors, which are Rose Desire and Fresh peach. All of this for $60 is an amazing deal!
There is a lurking fear that some things are not meant "to be known," that some inquiries are too dangerous for South Africans to make. Without wanting to appear too superficial, the press and whistle blowers has played a constructive role in informing the public about which that could have easily been swept underneath the carpet by the fraternal ‘stomach pushing' comrades in commanding positions of power abusing public resources through inflated charges, colluding, embezzlement and senseless corruption.
Step 6 A – If adding dumplings to plate
Of course, I had to buy some books while I was there.
“Verbal and physical affection enable a child to learn morality. When loving parents teach morality and impulse control children listen. Physical affection turns children into sponges ready to absorb the lessons parents teach. Teens also need hugs and praise.” Liane J. Leedom, M.D. Mother, Author, Psychiatrist.
Examples (I took out the word doctor/surgeon and intentionally left it blank so you could see how these thoughts could also be by a teacher):
The zombie who gives massages for a living.
To arrive at our candidates for the 2010 Knights of the Beer Roundtable Beer of the Year, we took a look back at all the beers reviewed during our roundtables over the past year. In some cases, not all the Knights attended, but their familiarity with a reviewed beer allowed them to place it in their rankings.
‘Ironstone was a new stoneware product introduced by Charles James Mason in Staffordshire, England in 1813. Mason claimed Ironstone was harder than earthenware and stronger than porcelain. The name suggested strength and durability. It contained none of the mineral ironstone and only naturally occurring trace amounts of iron. Called at various times Mason’s Ironstone China ore Ironstone Porcelain, it is not true porcelain. Many companies quickly copied Mason’s product after his patent expired.’
Swonk: Washington bickering causes recessions
I have found a good quality performance of the first movement. The work is in four movements. The third is by far the most well known but I like this first movement which I think is wonderful. Enjoy with cheese and crackers.
This week Gordon threw the chefs into a real kitchen, cooking for one of the most prestigious restaurants in Los Angeles, then gave them a rather fishy pressure test. Who failed to deliver the goods? Read on…
I don't know if any of these science stories can compare to the fire-breathing robot dragons I talked about on Wednesday, but I still found them interesting:
Mephibosheth, who in the world might that person be? Doing a Google search got 52,000 entries. Wow!! That’s great for such a little know person.
DRAW will be hosting a booth at Rebecca Corey’s event, Saving Lives & Laughter on AUGUST 14TH at the RENTON IKEA PERFORMING ARTS CENTER. She will be taping a one hour special along side Tails Of Joy animal rescue founder and comedy great Elayne Boosler and local comic Alycia Wood. This is a very special event because there will be a dog adoption outside of the theater from 4p-7p before the show. Please come save lives and laugh. It’s a WIN WIN!! Tickets are $20.00 (cash) at the door. To purchase tickets in advance, please go to :
May I say this concerning those who want a voice or the like? They have no faith. They do not believe. They want to walk by sight, not by faith which is absolutely contrary to the will of God in 2 Corinthians 5:7. “For we walk by faith, not by sight.”
2) That all their sins and faults are forgiven.
Jackie and I giggle wide-eyed with hands cupped over our mouths in the bathroom. Attempt to stifle the laughter as Mary reveals the hickey she brings home from her date. Watch her smear make-up over that huge bruise on her neck to hide it from the parents.
Well, why does this matter? Simple, a huge cost savings to McDonalds, McPick, KFC, McBlin, BurgerKing, Wendies and the army of other smaller establishments of like mind. Simply put, a grocery store pays 10% tax rates while a restaurant pays 18%.
Crossgates & Whinmoor
As ‘Transitioning’ points out, Kong Hee’s publisher has many loopholes in their explanation and says Kong Hee’s “alleged plagiarism issue is no big deal now compared to the CAD probe into CHC’s financial affairs”. This latter issue still seems to be ongoing, Phil Pringle helping in KH’s effort to support his ministry.
Hey hey hey! It's ABC Monday at Catch The Bug and it's my turn to show you Anything But A Card! I wanted to try something new- Making embellishments with Shrink Plastic. Today, I have this cute name badge holder to show you. I made this name badge/time card holder for a co-worker to celebrate Nurse's Week. I figured it would be cute to wear on her uniform at work. The image is Raggedy Nurse, by Bugaboo Stamps and is colored with Promarkers. I printed the image on white shrink plastic, cut her out then shrunk her down to make this cutie. Then I attached her to my badge clip with E6000 adhesive. She's going to be a big hit! (Tip: You can use shrink plastic to make your own embellishments like this one, to use on cards and other crafting goodies!)
The choices are endless and I have definitely not chosen one yet. I will have to see how our family portraits turn out! You will just have to wait to get your card in the mail to see which one we choose!
to the wild set of study questions in “XX.” about bees, we can see and laugh at the encyclopedia’s efforts to teach even as we learn about their more pernicious aspects in the image given of an Abyssinia looked at from the white world in “I.” “VI.” gives a serious critique of arithmetical calculations even as it makes us laugh; it asks:
71. When yuh buy ah dutty calico yuh gat fuh wear am till it tear. When you make a decision you must be prepared to abide with the consequences.
Overall, there are a fair number of other fine craft beer joints in the Hollywood area of LA (Mowhawk Bend also comes highly recommended), and although this city still lags behind many other US destinations in this regard, it is certainly way ahead in a great many others, and the sooner this famous town has as many such bars as it merits the better. In the meantime I'd say it needs to fight as hard as it can to keep the excellent ones it already has.
Looking ahead to the next decade, Morritt said, “We’ve got a great team here and I’m very proud of what we have achieved together. I’m not going to stop – we’re going to keep on building.”
Rita: "Cool it, guys, it's just a cat."
So, safety outfit it is - comfy pants, even comfier tank top and cardigan with a pair of basic black heels.
5. Volunteer more. I love to volunteer, but have found my lack of time, motivation, or a cause that is near and dear to me keeping me from doing it more often. So, I vow to find time, motivation, and a cause and get busy.
The only way Kate can think to help the Original Six in their efforts to try to fight Cronus and Calliope is to track down the gate to the prison. The only problem is that the only person apart from Henry who knows that secret location is his former wife, Persephone. Considering Kate is already suffering from jealous issues regarding the former Queen of the Underworld, you can tell this isn’t going to be an easy journey.
This cuts to the heart of the problem of allowing inland refugee claims and the establishment of a legal apparatus to entertain them. Those hearing asylum claims and deciding on their validity here in Canada are too far removed from the countries producing the asylum claims to make a qualified decision since they have little context to work with. They know so little about those nations and may even be hard pressed to find them on a map. Operating in a bubble of near ignorance their opinion of a foreign country may be solely shaped by what they read in the news. This systemic ignorance is a major reason why Canada's asylum system is rife with abuse.
They had more dreams than I.
In addition, this book gives your child a "Words to Know" list, fun facts, and, of course, 15 hands on projects like "Make You Own Basin and Range" p.g. 27 and "Make You Own Solar Oven" p.g 65 - these projects are super fun, educational and use household items or ones that are easily found. Geology of the Desert Southwest is rated for ages 9-12 or reading level; T.
I don’t find Sarah Palin jokes particularly edgy, just funny, because they’re rooted in…wait for it…truth. Jesus Christ, the woman is a moron. We could quit making jokes about her tomorrow and she’d remain a moron.
Here's a picture of Coco telling me I did something wrong again. I put her on the wrong animal on the carousel so she really gave me a talkin'-to. But forget Coco -- look at the kid next to her and try to resist the urge to put him in your pocket and take him home with you. I think my ovaries just exploded.
to wear to my son's Red Hawk soccer games.
Join Copic Regional Art Instructors Bianca Mandity and Colleen Schaan for a day full of mixed media art fun as you explore combining your favorite mediums with Copic markers and inks. Students will attend a combined workshop in the morning and two smaller breakout sessions in the afternoon.
Let’s take a mother who gives her child up for adoption. She gets that call when the child is 18, they meet at a coffee shop. When she sees her child sitting across the room: her heart pounds, palms sweat and she loves the person sitting there. She doesn’t have to have a point by point memory of that child. She loves them.
33. Jay-Z & Kanye West - Watch The Throne
Ah, the joys of traveling.
You best not fasten my seatbelt, chump
So 8 months later, 2 months of silence on the blog and a few game changers later... this one thing remains...
I used a 3" flat brush that I bound at the top with tape. It keeps the bristles from splaying out and creeping under the stencil. You can also buy a stencil brush or stippling brush. I tend to destroy brushes, so I go the cheap route.
So we are not what we are made of. We are what we do.
Although Jackson reportedly confessed, i.e., can be referred to simply as a “murderer,” rather than as an “alleged murderer,” he’s bound to recant his confession, and plead not guilty. Nowadays, violent black felons frequently confess to their crimes, but almost always recant them, and then plead innocent. Many then even claim that they are the real victims, as the confessed attackers in the Central Park Jogger case later did (see my exposés here, here, and here).
2) It allows me to be completely honest in a way I would not feel comfortable with if I were posting my comments online.
Many email marketers have latched onto the fact that a person’s name is powerful—you probably receive emails with subject lines like, “Methuselah, top 10 copywriting tricks”. And many emails you get will start with your first name; long ones will include it several times.
Located at the BurnLaw Centre, an organic farm of 45 acres of pasture, old and new woodland, wetland, orchard and kitchen garden, in the Northumberland, North Pennines not far from Haydon Bridge, While there the sun shone, the landscape lit up and in the evening the stars shone like I have never seen before. One of our group, Jon was so star struck one evening that he walked back to our dormitory through the pond.
I was having a conversation with the boyfriend the other day about Modern Warfare 3. I see him playing this game for hours and hours on end yet I have no idea what it’s about. I have a general idea about it involving guns, shooting, war, and challenges but that’s about it.
“In that case, ma’am, I’d like to call Mr. Hafner and tell him I’m returning you to the White House.”
Red chilly Powder-to Taste
When you give yourself away
Dear fabulous readers,
If you would like to purchase the metal locker bin, just send me a note at theclassicbride@gmail.com with your zip code and I will get you a shipping quote. All final payments are accepted via PayPal.
What are you working on now? Do you find yourself stitching other people's designs less often and spending more time doing your own thing?
Stops to exist? Oh, aphasia. You make me sound so smart. Ceases. It ceases to exist.
Life is a beauty, admire it.
Did I spot a shoal of fishes by that yacht? I couldn’t tell.
CHORUS: I have no fear of changing.
Hagey, LR. Fry, BG. Fitch-Snyder, H. 2007. Talking Defensively: A Dual Use for the Brachial Gland Exudate of Slow and Pygmy Lorises. Primate Anti-Predatory Strategies 2: 253-272 DOI: 10.1007/978-0-387-34810-0_12.
I've been debating this decision for awhile. I enjoy my morning blogging, but it does take a lot of time and I feel if I'm going to keep going, it needs to be with more of a mission. Plus, there are some other things I've wanted to pursue for awhile.
The lightening fractures the sky above
Things were going well. The chicken breasts were charring on one side. The sausages were plumping nicely and all seemed just right with the shrimp basket, until…
PRAY!
I really thought I was helping this guy out. I really thought he’d look at his post and be like, hey, this wise chick sure is wise. Back to creative writing class I go! Pip pip! You know? No.
I'm on a break this cycle from my CPIC training, as we were too short for me to be off of calltaking but I'm enjoying the break. I like both positions and really don't care where I sit. It's just last shift there I made a few mistakes which I hate. I'll admit it first, I'm a perfectionist when it comes to myself so I don't really like training. I don't like knowing that I'm not as good as I should be and hate making mistakes. Needless to say it's a stressful time for me because I'm getting more mad at myself then my trainer, actually he's never gotten mad, he's pretty laid back. They are not bad or big mistakes but I'll miss type a code and have to do it all over again or I'll forget which of the several new codes I need. I know it'll take time to do it fluently, I just hate not being there yet. I keep thinking it's not fair to the officers who are used to asking a request say for someones CPIC and CNI and getting it back in within a minute and me who might take two minutes.
I was not feeling whole
Bags of seeds
In the end, the protagonist finds love, and satisfies the thematic significance statement: A spiritual journey is challenging, but with passion, and dedication can transform and overcome hurt enough to love again.
Oh Netflix, how our relationship has grown. We were friends for a while when I was getting discs in the mail from you…The you added streaming, and I found you uber sexy…I love/hate you with your totally awesome and also fucking horrible selections. But, you do give great TV…and even better Documentary…
A behind-the-scenes trailer for “A Scandal in Belgavia” is embedded on the left. Meanwhile, the Holmes-obsessed Web site, I Hear of Sherlock Everywhere, recently did an interview with actress Pulver--covering, in part, this opening episode of Sherlock, Season 2--that can be enjoyed here.
So I scratched one of the beauties out on this 11x14. I just scanned the bird not the entire canvas. I'm thinking I want the background to be mostly yellow. Yellow is a happy color and you know these guys were really happy to find an easy, free breakfast. Yuck !
Me: ...so we ran to the store, then talked to his dad about the results on Skype.
Meanwhile, the latest series of The Apprentice looks tired and struggles under the weight of its tinkered-with format (they’re not looking for an apprentice at all…), so I think it’s time to go, or have a revamp.
I reach back lord
I love you, Mana. This is so surreal. I cherish my memories with you forever. I promise to always say "I love you" clearly and meaningfully just like you did, and when walking with a friend, to stay on the same side of posts so as never to let anything come between me and a friend. I am thankful for your example to me of how to be intentional. I'll love you forever & I'll see you in Heaven someday.
Multitasking is a big part of modern life that everyone has experience with. For a time, multitasking was a buzz word that suggested you were getting a great deal done in an efficient way. More recently, however, many time management experts have become rather critical of multitasking, stating it makes you less rather than more efficient. Multitasking actually can make you more efficient, but not at all times; so let’s see when it is and isn’t a fantastic idea.
This week's challenge is set by the Secret Crafter herself, the lovely WENDY. She has chosen a colour theme of:-
Take out, check for seasoning. Garnish with cilantro and serve with hot or warm with rice. One must have rice. Kidding. You can totally do with bread and some Merlot. I did and it was amazing! You can bring the skillet to the table. A very homey and rustic way of serving this simple fare.
Over the next couple of weeks, I would like to attempt to cover the practices of discipleship that Jesus used while training the 12, and those who were to the outskirts of the 12 (the 60 others He sent out with the 12 at one time). My desire is not only to give insight to others, but to gain the insight for myself as well. The ultimate goal is to identify a repeatable and sustainable pattern for discipling others.
Along the lines somewhere, there are times I really forget why I blog. Sometimes, I get annoyed because I really don't want to do it. Am I the only one? Sometimes, it feels like a chore to me. I mean, I know I could get my without blogging everyday, but I feel guilty for leaving the people who actually read my blog hanging... is that normal?
So, let's get back to the subject at hand. If you do decide to stay at home, make the conscious decision that your career is working in your home. Homemaking is your new job. Learn as much as you can about what you need and want to do - there is no one size fits all in this, each one of us is different. Manage your family like a little business, you'll need to have short term plans, long term plans, work to a budget and look after your assets. This is real work and often you'll develop self reliance along with all the other skills you develop at home. And that, my friends, is a wonderful thing that will help you all through your life.
With so many new citizens like Angelo Marc Jandugan feeling touched by the PAP for giving them a new start in Singapore, it’s only natural they will cast their votes for it in future elections to keep it in power forever.
10But I did not give ear to Balaam; and so he went on blessing you; and I kept you safe from him.
Hebrews 11:8
Oh I do love that man.
I’m in love I’m all shook up
"Wait on second thought, this looks complicated...these things will take too long to cook..I can't do that..."
But I went on with the program, hoping that my penchant for (politely) correcting other people’s grammar would be enough to keep me interested in the editing part of my studies. It took me awhile to realize that the two subjects were paired together for more than just convenience.
“Our God is a little offensive! Most of the people who REALLY liked Him got killed!”
This is a story revolving around the domestic abuse of the narrator’s father. And yet, this is not a story of melodrama angst and heartbreak. Yes, there is a lot of anguish and pain and sadness in this novel, but underneath these painful moments is a spark of joy, and laughter. The premise of the story is not that of a victim enduring abuse, but a girl who gets a chance to step away momentarily from a world in which her and the whole family is subjugated to the mood swings of the father, as Kambili forges a world for herself in which she can start laughing without having her father’s opinions pervading and influencing her every move. Her transformation from the fearful daughter desperate to please her father to a girl who can smile and laugh on her own whim was an extraordinary journey that I’m so happy to have had to pleasure of reading. Purple Hibiscus is the kind of novel that the reader won’t forget soon after reading.
USA Today reports on “a troubling re-emergence of an anti-government movement” that hearkens back to 1995, when Timothy McVeigh-angered by the government’s botched 1993 raid of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas-detonated a truck bomb outside the Oklahoma City federal building, killing 168 people. In the past three years, there has been growing concern over activities of so-called “sovereign citizens,” who “claim to exist beyond the realm of government authority,” according to a January FBI bulletin to state and local law enforcement officials warning of the potential for violence.
I will be giving a new Creamy Chicken Alfredo recipe a try. Apparently spaghetti squash is out of season, so I will be replacing the squash with noodles.
I am saddened by the news that yet another species has been declared extinct, the Western Black Rhino (also known as the Western Black Rhinoceros (Diceros bicornis longipes) or West African Black Rhinoceros.) In the past it had primarily been found in Cameroon. No more.
I’m convinced Jon Ronson is one of the best essayists/journalists working today. Whether he’s writing about psychopaths, amateur superheroes, bizarre military units, or cruise ship passengers lost at sea, Ronson is instantly engaging. The same can be said of his 2003 book Them: Adventures With Extremists. This book is a raucously funny, globe-trotting trip into a dark world of conspiracy theorists, KKK meetings, and Jihadi training camps. While it’s a funny and quick read, Ronson is also a trenchant and savvy observer, and as a result Them is an illuminating takedown of the paranoid and extreme.
With the evolution of BSE's conceptual backgrounds comes a pleasant evolution regarding their sound and approach as well. While this is not to say that their previous albums were necessarily bad in any way, there were at times certain elements to their songs which could (arguably) detract and/or lessen the impact they would have otherwise had. Specifically, I am referring to the slightly awkward samples found on "Pursuit Of Pleasure" and the somewhat 'hit-or-miss' rhythms of "The Dull Routine Of Existence". However, it is difficult to conclusively state that these small nagging points are anything more than personal preferences, especially since they display an admirable willingness for BSE to experiment, evolve, and maintain a unique musical aesthetic. Regardless of these concerns, "No Lights In Our Eyes" is much more minimalist in construction then their previous albums, approaching 'dark ambience' at times, yet refusing to be pigeonholed into a specific genre.
“Singling out Israel is anti-Semitism and this demonstrable fact cannot absolve the Norwegian government of its own bigotry.”
1/16/2012: I got the second spanking today. It was a little harder, and longer, but not unbearable. But, she did come up with a new twist........she would stop and make me unclench my ass and then go on paddling me. It was hard not to clench but I managed to stay unclenched a lot of the time because that is what she told me to do. I love her more everyday!!! P.S. If you read the second comment, it's from my wife!!!
Make 1/2 cup of espresso (a double shot). Steam and froth 8 oz. of milk (most espresso machines do this. If yours doesn’t, just heat milk in microwave).
Censorship doesn't work. At least not nearly as well as actual parenting does.
- Self-pitying - VERY RARE
The rain eased as we got to the end of our line and we walked up to the guesthouse. We were warmly greeted by Alan and the rest of the staff and we soon settled into our old room. After unpacking all the necessary and doing some washing we were ready to pop round the corner to see our friends in the little indian restaurant.
2. There is no urgent and immediate situation for GMA to seek medical treatment abroad (as concluded by Health Sec. Enrique Ona)
The kids who initially did well were just the luckiest of a random bunch. So, most likely, their luck is going to be lower next time, and their scores will be less impressive.
Writer : Mike Leigh
Too many things didn’t add up, and Rel could see it as clearly as he could see that the Sherriff wasn’t buying it either. The Wildren made Stable Rods. And why hadn’t they used actual Coercion on Van Raighan? His Witnessing couldn’t be false - that was the point, a reliable record so that human grievances could be brought to Second Realm justice - but could he be lying about it?
"Landscapes exercise a strange power over you.
About Scholastic
down a couple bars with me.”
And it's got me missing my Swatch watches too. The ones with the pastel straps. Mine were pink and blue. Some of the girls preferred the white and yellow. But we all agreed that there was no point in wearing them if you didn't wear them two at a time. Man, you were nothin' at my jr. high school if you didn't have at least two Swatch watches!
Last weekend while I was back visiting family, my brother and I went through the park again, accompanied by his wife. We saw a wolf gorging on a freshly killed elk (probably roadkill) just across the river from the road outside of Mammoth. We saw a grizzly only just out of hibernation, and a herd of male mountain sheep who were apparently killing time while waiting for the females to give birth. We were hoping to see newborn buffalo, but they were just starting to appear. The ranger said they’d seen three in the park. We saw one female clearly in labor, but she was going to be a while and we didn’t wait. We even saw a gorgeous black-and-white raptor we couldn’t identify sitting above the river waiting for a fish. The pictures aren’t great because I took them on my cell phone. The animals were that close.
There are times when my husband is very creative and once he sets his mind on an idea, he cannot be stopped until that idea is complete. Last month, he got inspired to design and make a robot out of some robot fabric and ribbon that I had for some baby ribbon blankets I was making.
You take all of me now...
I hope you see a genuine pattern in most of my contents on this website,
Of the variety of people i came across.. the most surprisingly, unbelievable people were the one to top the list of the lamers category..
At a 2004 meeting of the International Institute for Sustainable Development held at United Nations headquarters in New York, the prince of Orange sat side by side with Bilderberger and Executive Director of UNEP Klaus Töpfer, discussing the “overall review of implementation of Agenda 21.”
What. A. Phenomenal. Sight.
The appearance of the natives of Dido at the end is a bit of a deus ex machina. There is no explanation of how they have survived. Still, if we were to see some more of them in this story, we would have needed another episode and I am not sure that was needed for a less consequential story like this.
Inflating the risks of something to scare a child out of doing it only works until he can see for himself that it is not as bad as we say. This might only make my child trust me less, and wonder what else I have been exaggerating about.
Nothing in this world truly lasts, but in these moments we can hope.
Be honest, how often do you see a white women without make up, the hair colour she was born with, wearing jeans and sneakers dating a black man?
I love my children. I love being a mom. But I could never have imagined how much I could love anyone else as much as I love Jude. This little guy has surely breathed new life into our family. The tough part is finding time for the rest of your life. I have another (step)daughter in NJ with two grown granddaughters. Of course we try to see them as often as we can. And then there are our friends and other social commitments. Our sons are out of state, so visiting with them requires vacation time and plane tickets, so unfortunately we see them much less frequently than we’d like. So budgeting time for everything sometimes takes a lot of patience and creativity.
$37 gift certificate drawing (1 chance per listing purchased)
.After you have copied this into the notepad save as Update.Bat this will make sure it runs the command and update the files you will also have to run this when your server needs updating. When you first run it it should download about 4.5GB of files and this took me half an hour make sure you run it more then once to make sure you have everything.
And so, without further ado:
and you hardly could take more of the load, it is best to just end it
And sometimes that hurts.
English Beat
Chris's intention is to show "the full range of work that a brewer in a small brewery needs to do," and he does that with grace and good humor.
expected.
I should likely continue with my 'summer camp' analogy. The temperatures are moving and there's no denying that some brutal months are coming up fast. I want to say this will be my last summer in the desert. I'm going to operate on that theory anyway. It might make the summer months more bearable.
Have had school meetings, work, errands, crafting, cleaning and painting.
my husband created a slideshow for my grandfather, which was viewed during his wake. We gave copies on disk to a few people (my aunts and uncles mostly we didn't have time to make very many) and created a drop box file. And then my husband uploaded it onto youtube - and I'm not sure how my grandfather would feel about that. He's the sort that was only in the paper in his wedding announcement, his promotions at work, and his obituary. I'm not sure that he would want to join the "reality show" entertainment craze. But I do think that it will make him chuckle that Edward Mulhare (the actor) and Edward Mulhare my grandfather (two different people) are likely to confuse the heck out of viewers on Youtube.
Notice especially the first verse, how it is filled with praise to our Lord! Until this past week though, I never had heard the story of the man who penned those lyrics.
Leave the bed and the fire,
57. Les McCann - River Deep, Mountain High (3:10)
Chandigarh, July 28. The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has asked the Gurdwara Election Commission to hold the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) elections on September 18 as recommended by the Chief Commissioner, Gurdwara Elections, Justice (retd) H S Brar.
Sunday - tacos or fish
What about the children? Well let’s see, Emily-Jane is still progressing well with her potty training and if we are really lucky she will use the toilet on the 1st floor when I have relieved her from her bedroom i.e. unscrewed the safety gate! She has some days she will just dance and not go on the toilet/potty and she then dribbles *Grrr*Kids, who’d ‘ave ‘em?*
Thank you all for your kind words of support and encouragement this past week. I can’t tell you what they mean to me. I promise you’ll all be the first to know when I receive any information.
Must be why the Japanese word for Contentment is so complicated.....
Bharat Electronics Limited has informed the Exchange regarding the standalone Results for the quarter ended on 31-MAR-2012 as follows: Net Sales of Rs. 223210.61 lacs for quarter ending on 31-MAR-2012 against Rs. 230728.29 lacs for the quarter ending on 31-MAR-2011. Net Profit / (Loss) of Rs. 33384.24 lacs for the quarter ending on 31-MAR-2012 against Rs. 44825.3 lacs for the quarter ending on 31-MAR-2011.
I am thankful for the missteps
22:00 – 23:30 Geck-O
ON LEAVE.
The WORD says… The Lord of Hosts deserves the best (Malachi 1).
So stay tuned for regular posts beginning late next week from Montreal—and also watch for updates on the CCA's website (I'll have specific info on exactly where my posts for the CCA will appear soon). And, of course, huge thanks to the CCA for making this summer possible!
How to join us? Follow these easy steps and you are done!
Combine the onion, soy sauce, sherry, broth, garlic, hoisin, brown sugar, ginger, and pepper flakes, then put the mixture into the crock pot.
The road to Fairview each morning is not a fun drive. The road is winding and littered with pot holes and suicidal deer. Coal miners who work at Loveridge mine drive in their trucks and get right on the back of your bumper until they find a place to pass you. Oh, there really isn’t a place to pass. But, they find one and give people coming in the opposite direction heart palpitations.
We went to the backyard to find out where she was
No cooking for me today. My oven died last Thanksgiving Day and I have not bothered to resurrect it yet. I try not to use my oven in the warmer months (which is most of the year) because it heats up the house, but I do like to have it in the couple of cold months we do have to help keep the house warm and smell those yummy comfort foods wafting from it.
The court needs to protect people who are highly dependent on others. We believe that cases of withdrawing life-sustaining treatment or care should be treated with great caution because if the person is being controlled by others, the outcome may be lethal.
This painting is a revision on the original, completed three or four years back.
Of the living expression that has taken my heart
"If I know what really like is, it is because of you." - Hermann Hesse
Next on Birth of a Chaos Dread Reloaded: the weapons.
I then calmly advised him to buy a certain number of a specific menu item that would cost him one hundred and fifty dollars. He inexpertly parried this by asking if he was to buy the food and smear it all over his balls. I confirmed that this was correct and politely ended the call.
I am a regular reader of ET.. today my paperboy decided that I should try out something different, He dropped Mint along with my HT.
First up, is the I Love Your Blog award.
Peel and devein shrimp, leaving the tails on. Butterfly each shrimp along the outside curve (cut almost all the way through). Open shrimp flat and place butterflied-side down in a greased or parchement lined 15-in. x 10-in. x 1-in. baking pan.
Well answers to those questions will surely be given by politicians and sociologist but something which one knows and had a personal experience is the influence of american movies and its show and adding to the toping is its music industry. Americans have been able to pursue themselves as the loved ones at least that is what most of us think, unaware of the politics.
Yet still the young and impressionable fall for it. Young girls are not genetically more stupid and easily led than young boys, but it is they who tend to end up as women living in poverty as single mothers raising a disproportionately high number of mixed race children, if they have not suffered an even worse fate.
3--Blog about the giveaway. Please leave a comment with your blog post link.
Trader Joe's veggie mix which includes chopped carrots, cabbage, celery, peppers and other veggies too. Top veggie mix with balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard and a few dashes of Frank's red hot sauce for a 0 point delicious snack or appetizer.
She wasn't coming out. At first my doctor was playing it cool, had me change positions, had me push different ways.
The world is a town in which people
No turning back. No turning back, because I know where it leads. No turning back, because God has reconciled that part of my life. No turning back, because in a race, you must go forward and not look back. If I look back, I risk falling because I am taking my eyes off Jesus, who is before me, as my Shepherd, guiding me through the darkest valleys.
Tonight Blake chose Christmas in the Trenches by John McCutcheon. This is a book I picked up at ,where else but, a thrift store a couple of years ago and it remains one of our favorites. The author first wrote a song, then a book was developed from that. The touching storyline is loosely based on a Christmas truce that occurred during WWI.
When he dreams of an acquaintance who is battling for her own life and her children from their abusive father, he decides to take matters into his own hands. The following day he sees the local news discussing the facts… from his dream. He then realizes, these are not dreams, but real life events. He has influence in the lives of others, the ability to help them or harm them. But at what cost?
The top left and bottom right pictures show the changing scenery as I traveled east on I-40 towards Albuquerque, and as my mom kindly reminded me, into a different time zone, landing me at her home around 8 pm, as opposed to the 7 pm time I’d thought I’d be there! I particularly love the clouds in the bottom right, which look as though someone pulled soft pieces of it off from below, much like a kid does with cotton candy.
Each time I dig up past seasons clothes, it's an all over again discovery, the pleasure to find back some old and cherished somewhat forgotten acquaintances like my Etoile and H&M knits, the basic and useful Zara mid-season trench and the "I-completely-had-forgotten-I-owned-that-thing" items.
Next up was Team Adam’s Mathai. In the package before the performance, Adam was shown pushing Mathai to do ‘I’m Like A Bird’ by Nelly Furtado, even after she voiced her protests. She didn’t connect with the song, but Adam was adamant. After the pretty solid performance, Christina told it like it is, saying that Adam should have let her choose a song she truly connected with. Adam truly dropped the ball on this one. The song is great, but I got the feeling that Adam thought of a song to fit Mathai’s unique voice instead of a song that would fit Mathai as a performer. There’s no doubt Mathai’s voice reminds me of Nelly Furtado, but that doesn’t mean that that’s what she’s supposed to be singing. Her last chance song, which was her choice, was definitely better and allowed her to give a more energetic performance.
I responded to the break-up melee message, asserting my understanding of the word loyalty. I’m loyal to people who respect and honor the dignity of life, and those who can handle emotion like adults without resorting to sandbox resolutions – pulling hair, kicking dirt on shoes, and destroying our toys. I’m loyal to actions and principles which are motivated by love. And yes, by survival too – within reason and reasonable context. For example, in parts of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, the options were steal or starve. If ever the exception is to become the rule, then the matter of survival, in my view, is a reasonable impetus.
-A grown-up with the era of 16 a long time or more.
The Mocknick Productions Literary Agency is a fee-charging entity. The fees have gone from 450.00 to represent a writer to a whole 500.00 according to my source.
But surely that church is Catholic, they pointed out.
“The mere idea of you. The longing here for you. You’ll never know, how slow the moments go, till I’m near to you,” I sang softly into Emma’s hair. Billie sounded way better of course, but the words felt too right not to say out loud.
And, last but by no means least, Maggie arrived with five cards to show all in one go. I think, from her posting there was perhaps was a sixth but I could only see five images - here. They're all lovely, I have some of the Debbi Moore Art Deco ladies languishing somewhere waiting to be used up too - must do that as they're really elegant. Also, Maggie brought a very pretty card, coloured with Pro Markers - love the roses Maggie, as well as some cards that look almost as if they're made up of tiny jewels. Really lovely! Quick edit: Maggie has uploaded the sixth card - and very pretty it is too Maggie!
So, ignorance is actually not knowing about your child but trusting them by not asking and having the incredibly difficult conversations your kids often talk about with their teachers.
I prefer to take time and plan my meals but sometimes you have to be ready for organised spontaneity.
One Sunday morning after a service, where I sat and saw more new faces on stage and no room for me, my husband picked up his bass, looked at me and said, “We’re done.”
but a blurred path of light.
It is going to be a very simple ceremony.
As I approached the lectern on the first day, I noticed he was holding twenty or thirty pages of quarto lined paper, closely written in a very even hand. I can still see that writing vividly now and could pick out his style from amongst any number. There was not a crossing out or an addition in the margin; I can't even remember if there was a margin down the side. I don't think so. He didn't believe in wasted space.
When I left Tracey Baxter's copy of Hounds Of Love at a Southampton bus stop in 1985, Kate Bush was not the rare beast she is today. A new album? Not to worry, there'll be another along in a minute, a bit like the bus we got on not realising the bag we'd put down for a just a moment was never to be seen again. Kind of like Kate today really.
And it wasn't like my holiday was extensive or exotic, instead it was just four days at home doing lots of gardening and household jobs and spending 'quality time' with my small sausage dog; but nevertheless getting up this morning was an effort equivalent of scaling everest and at 8:46pm I'm ready for bed.
Here’s what this means in the world of kidneys: He can still get this next chemo, which is scheduled to start on Thursday, but it needs to be further dose-modified. If his GFR dips below 30, which we assume it will next month, he either has to stop this particular drug or (maybe — this hasn’t been confirmed yet by his docs but it makes sense to me) get dialyzed after each dose. We’ve already explored the possibility of doing only two of the three drugs in his protocol but have been told that their effectiveness lies in the specific combination and leaving one out would render any of them much less useful. So it’s sort of an all-or-nothing thing: either we stop chemo altogether or we continue and add dialysis to the mix.
Kale? Ummm, huh? Mango nectar?! What on earth to do with that?!
His servant had a character issue
But first and foremost, today is my cousin's 28th birthday!! Happy Birthday J, I wish you were still here so we could all celebrate with you, but I know that you are looking down on us from above and I know you can feel the love that we all have for you!!! We miss you with all of our hearts and can't wait to see you again!!
The same as smoking is harmful for your health, the Rooms Katholieke Vliegenmeppers (The Roman Catholic Flyswatters) do find that the priests who wrote and signed the Manifest for believers are as harmful for the people souls welfare. They do call the believers not to receive the Holy Sacraments of these priests and not to go to partake their Holy Mass. They, with many others, do find that those priests who call for a change in the Roman Catholic Church, are heretics and unworthily to do the Mass or ‘ Misoffer’, the “Sacrifice of the Mass”.
This is definitely a character-driven novel. It's definitely more about characters than plot. And whenever I say that, it always tends to scare people away, but it really shouldn't. If you go into this book knowing that you will be getting to know the characters and their lives a great deal, and that the pacing is much slower than usual, then I am sure you will enjoy it. Yun Ling was a tough character to like at times. Because she had been through so much in the Japanese internment camp, you really wanted to feel for her and understand her situation. But it was hard, because a lot of times I felt she was being unfair to the people around her. Especially Aritomo, the Japanese gardener. Yes, he was Japanese, but just because there were Japanese that treated you terribly in the camp doesn't mean you should paint an entire nationality with the same brush. And she did. Like I said, I feel for her. I cannot begin to understand what being in that camp and losing her sister was like, but all I can do is apply what I know about life. And you just don't treat people that way. It really messed with her mind a lot. This is a book that I believe will leave you feeling conflicted emotionally. I grew quite attached to Aritomo and I felt strange about that as well because he was the Emperor Hirohito's gardener. I don't even know what to say. It was a tough read. But I loved that about it. But definitely character-driven. It was about feelings, emotions, and relationships.
At the reunion I began throwing back watered down vodka smashes (my concoctions and directions given to the bartender to mix up in the thimble sized glasses).
I did a little research and found that you can still get these but the price is higher. Target has them for the lowest price, around $25 online but I’d call before heading out to your local store to make sure they carry them and that the price is good. They were $44 at other stores online like walmart. Or wait for a yard sale, for some reason people like to get rid of these, little do they know how handy they can be!
Our technology has continued to get smaller in size as it has become more and more advanced. Now, however, we are at an impasse of wanting large screens, but smaller products overall. This is just one of the ways people are attempting to shrink technology: Inserting it into our skin.
I am disabled. My bed was a blow-up bed that could be rolled up and slipped into the trunk easily. I was seeing a chiropractor up until that point, but when I left the apartment I could not afford, that meant no care. Chiropractic treatments kept me from becoming Quasimodo’s twin sister.
I mean, at least with Rebecca Black, you can tell that somebody tried to make her sound somewhat respectable. They were unsuccessful, but at least they tried.
The first module we started with was an introduction to Law. It was a two hour arguing session. I was amazed at the arguments people put forward, and how they did it. I’ve recently heard all kinds of gems, both in class and out. I’ve been told how the Germans are all authoritarian and violent, how wikileaks has proven that AIDS was invented in a lab in the Congo, how we obviously didn’t land on the moon, and other gems. Now, when challenged, most of these arguments have devolved into “It is true, I promise.” This isn’t an argument. It’s an assertion, backed up with nothing. If I, or others, challenge you, and your best response is akin to stamping like an angry child, then you’ve lost. You brought a knife to a gunfight, and it didn’t work out. You simply didn’t bring the tools for the job.*
Bring water to a boil in the steamer. Place the chicken in an even layer, scatter the green onions and ginger all over, and steam over medium heat for 30-40 minutes or until the internal temperature near the bone reaches 170°F. If the chicken pieces are larger, they will take longer to steam. If any of the pieces are touching, make sure to redistribute them in the middle of cooking so they cook evenly.
The report is only the latest blow to the SABC’s embattled board.
Believe it or not, I started this piece just before the baby was born, and was working on it while we were down the shore on vacation and his mom was in labor with him. Andrew, or Drew as he is better known, took his own sweet time getting here. It's a good thing he's such a cutie - his mom was in labor for almost two days!
Cook slowly for about 3 hours, test the meat at the end of this time to ensure the meat is no longer pink. If it is, leave in for a little longer.
Davis’s presentation was very engaging, and I feel more prepared as both an intern and future PR/marketing professional.
STEPH: How does the cover reflect the story within?
Or as we lawyers say, “you’re nicked sonny.”
During lunch play Lee and his friend Freddie stayed inside and as they listened to the recording they discussed what they should draw. It was fabulously to sit back and watch two children who often find the writing process difficult work together to plan how they would present Lee’s story.
So every single one of us fed the ground,
There was the usual assortment of pretty girls I never spoke to, cheerleaders that annoyed me, and the boys especially that made me draw my accustomed mental blank slate. A few of the dorky ones seemed vaguely familiar.
Overall = 3.8
Another challenge from Patrice...
From 1 to 2:30 p.m. on Monday, a group that will include activists and media personnel will listen to local residents’ stories of need at a site on the corner of Independence Boulevard and Willow Street in Mount Airy. A local organizer said this is the same location near BB&T-Blue Ridge Burke Insurance where a “Bring it Beck” rally was held last Labor Day.
Oh, and totally don't go for the online price - go to the store and get them for the steal of $14 less than online. $10.97 people! But the .97 does mean that it is final sale and not available for refund/return, so be sure. Be very VERY sure.
Since the idea of a community is crucial element of the docu learning contract and the documentary itself I figured it is about time to spend some brain power and research on this issue. If I type ‘community’ into the search bar for Google images I get the following compilation of impressions:
Streaming unfettered to the horizon of sight
Mr de Klerk also accused the ANC of seeking to enforce black domination over the racial minorities and erode South Africa's liberal constitution. Cronyism, corruption and "divisive racial politics" were rife in government, he added.
Valentine was found by Omya California Plant workers on Feb. 9 clinging to life after someone had reportedly beaten and abused the small pup, according to sheriff’s officials. Employees immediately called Sounds of Silent Spirits Rescue and Sanctuary president Regine Fonville for help. Fonville transported the puppy to Bear Valley Animal Hospital, where she’s been cared for since.
RV parks have started putting ironing boards in laundry rooms and they may even loan you an iron. You'll probably want to carry your own iron just in case.
Forensic Ballistics is concerned with the scientific and technological analysis of all ballistic related evidence and related phenomenon, with the sole purpose of assisting the criminal justice system in establishing the true facts in a particular case.
Introduction to the Programme
If we follow this advice, maybe my friend and I, the Laker fan prototype and the Celtic fan prototype, will find our own peaceful resolution. Maybe after the initial obstacles have been exorcised, have played themselves into exhaustion, we can retire too, in a sense – and find our own meeting of the minds.
Sans street- and road-maintenance, vehicles bostled about (I'm inventing the word "bostle" -- a combination of bumped, jostled, blundered and struggled),
Learn the rules for writing, practice them, internalize them, then FORGET THEM. Otherwise you’ll kill your natural voice. If you “write like they tell you,” your prose will sound stilted and unnatural. Or beige, which is worse.
Brice has had guests all day long. All sexy guys who look like they live at the gym. Ironically, several of them actually came over and talked to me while I was at the pool, sticking their heads over the fence.
Paper - Bella Blvd. Spring Flings & Easter Things Line: Mom's Bouquet, Cardstock Aqua, Dark Aqua, White
He spoke in a voice that sounded like frying meat, ‘Eat.’
I eliminated the pile of cut-outs that I had from several weeks ago.
I may not be able to use this tool directly in my classes, but I can help my students by providing them with information I learn in this and other classes. When I think back to the VoiceThread assignment and how I copied and pasted all of the article links I used as references, I could have managed the references much easier if I had used Zotero and inserted and formatted them in a more professional manner. Many times, I had to look back to the articles for information I wanted to use, sometimes it would take me several attempts to find the correct link. If had had used Zotero I could have used tags to help me filter and find the information much quicker. I did think to myself that there had to be an easier way; little did I know I had already installed it. I have always found citing references so confusing, even using reference manuals and the internet the process just seems overwhelming. I would recommend anyone who is in high school or college to take advantage of this tool and us e it to its fullest potential.
The motif of an eagle clutching a human figure entwined in a serpent's tale is a frequent one in Campanian pulpits, and likely represents the triumph of the Gospels over sin. The eagle is traditionally associated with St. John the Evangelist, while the figure trapped in the serpent's coils is a borrowing from classical art, which, within its new Christian context, becomes a symbol of paganism, and hence, sin. This is a particularly opportune blend of Christian and classical iconographies, due to the preexisting symbolism of the serpent in Christian art, and due to the appearance of the motif on a pulpit, the place from which the gospels are preached.
Tim Donaldson
Yeah, boyeeeeeeeeeeeeee, I'm gonna go see zombie puppets at the Oriental that night.
I sincerely hope you are gazing wistfully into the distance after looking at that photo. Isn’t it great? Unfortunately, my at-my-fingertips command of nerd knowledge runs dry with Henri. I know little about him other than he took some beautiful photos. I have a book on some of his writings about photography which are very insightful and have certainly influenced the way I look at photography but actual biographical knowledge I am short on. What I do know is that he studied English at Cambridge for a while and he was an early champion of 35mm format. Oh yes, the nerdy stuff I can do. Up until that point cameras were mainly either large format/plate style efforts or medium format light boxes. These are still used and give an unmatched (UNMATCHED dammit!) level of detail in the negative. Unfortunately these are less wieldy and work mainly for staged or landscape photography. Henri was the originator of the photojournalism movement from which stemmed the ‘street photography’ idea. What this basically means is he wanted to be ready to take a photo at any given time for what he called ‘The Captured Moment’. To do this he used cameras that took a smaller film (35mm) so he could carry it over his shoulder and have it ready to use at any given moment without setup. To achieve this he used the now legendary Leica system. Leica cameras are still a leading standard in the industry and a body alone will set you back a couple of grand, nevermind the light-gathering, contrast-increasing, flare-reducing, erection-inducing lenses they make. If you hadn’t guessed, I want one. Basically their design hasn’t changed for the best part of 70 years. This gave Henri the freedom to take a photo wherever and whenever he chose meaning he was the first to get all those classic shots. Because of this a lot of Henri’s early work is like a time capsule, a view of the world from decades ago. As anyone who knows me and my photography knows this is my main reason for photography. To capture that moment. There are so many moments in my life I look at and want to put it in a bottle for later inspection, photography helps with this and Henri showed me how to accomplish it. So far there are only a handful of photos that I feel I’ve done this with. There is one in particular that is bang on the money but I’m still working on getting it spot on every time. I’m nearly there, I just need to start taking my camera out with me more. And that Leica might help.
Dialogue Processing and Digital Services Provided by Michael Stokes Production Assistance by Martha Linbo-Terhaar, Carole Stokes, Gwendolyn Jensen-Woodard and Ginny Stokes. Production Logo and additional Art by Adrianna Linbo-Terhaar
Musa said the board had assessed the “damages” caused by this division and, in the interest of good corporate governance, identified the individuals that were responsible and accountable for these losses. “It is not appropriate for us to list out everyone concerned and the whys and hows of what went on. But this is the basis of our decisions,” he said.
We were at the end of our 12-hour broadcast cycle. It was time to get our messages. We’d avoided raising this antenna because it sticks out of the water higher than the periscope and would need to remain up for several minutes, making detection of Santa Fe likely.
This is a mostly photo tutorial of how I created my second ever quilt. First was my daughters little cuddle blanket.
Your best bet in these noisemaker situations is to give them one of those double-entendre coughs, It's a cough, but it really means “Ahem… excuse me, but please refrain from further nuisances” (picture that in a snooty euro-trash kind of accent). Just don’t do it too often, or you might turn into Coughy. If the shut up cough doesn’t work, you’ll have to upgrade to a full shush and failing that, once again, resort to the ratting the perpetrator out, if you have the balls of course, as mentioned earlier. You can always mimic what they are doing, but sometimes people don't clue into that very quickly. Especially not these keen minds.
I am so proud that my kids love being creative! They both love painting and drawing and coloring in!!!!
In USA’s current state of financial debt, it is best to have Joe Public type candidates running for election. Mitt Romney being 250 million wealthy, would be extremely incongruous for the current times, though if anything Romney’s family is very much American. Romney himself conversely is not very American at heart having done the corporate raider thing. How much of the 250 million is from corporate raiding Romney? That money is not REAL wealth and calculated in monetised debt and a nebulous stock market backed by QE Fiat which really has very little reality in REAL GOODS and REAL JOBS that is destroying the value of American currency. How about donating all of that (in all Xian considerations) *IMMORAL* wealth, to clear up state debt or to fund something for the people? Corporate raiding obtained wealth is shameful to own IMHO, thats the ‘Capitalist Pig’ (of fiat to boot!!!) meme of Americana that Romney represents as well – a VERY Xian type (otherwise ethical type) would not want to have anything to do with corporate raiding.
Thankfully, as I sat stuck in pointless brooding, Wendy stepped up. “Well you know bud,” she said gently, “church isn’t really a place. Anytime a group of people get together to pray, or sing to God, or read the Bible they are…um…having church.”
What about you? What helps you get through moments of self-doubt?
So here's the plan. I am going to do the 30 day shred everyday during Tarynn's nap, and continue my efforts at the gym and excersising outside weather permitting. I go to Cal Fit a few times a week and do spin, group strength training, cardio machines, or weights.
Paint
push to make room for.”
I painted my model with chainmail from Citadel Colour. You can see the little guy down here, but of course I needed to experiment somewhere else, so he was not the test subject after all. I decided to try this on a piece of plastic scenery I had lying around.
The double chocolate stout is a crowd pleaser.... or a friend pleaser since my friend Bryan really likes it. Our plan is to split this up and flavor each part a bit differently. We may go with three different kinds of chocolate or do chocolate raspberry. More here as we get some idea of what we'll do.
On the other hand, heavy-handed(using the definition of harsh,oppressive and melodrama) films mostly bang their message loud and clear without leaving any shit behind. They use bombastic music and melodramatic dialog to tell you how you should feel in this instance. They have loud, over the top action and stuff that just get their message across without holding anything back. There are sure no room for introspection within the film because everything is spelled up clearly for you.
I've decided to note which giveaways aren't open internationally. The default will be open worldwide, meaning I'll only note if they have restrictions.
This, however, doesn’t mean that you can’t just sit down one day and write a book one day. Even a six year old can cover a whole canvas with paint, and it can even look artsy, so why can’t you cover a book’s pages with letters? Who knows, it might even look booksy… (not sure if that is a word, but I’m just going to go with it)
Announced recently on Twitter, The Warriors of God is a new project. Less than a week old in fact, and one that is dependent on a few things.
Spindler’s Search (40) – Destroyed all Lairs
With this, I solemnly say, "I love you."
It seems Ferrari chose to make the car as soft on its rear tyres as possible; as the original expectation was that the Pirelli rear tyres would degrade more rapidly. Certainly Ferrari have been easy on their tyres, but the flipside of this characteristic is that the car can struggle to get heat into the tyres. This is why their pace at Barcelona on the hard tyre was so poor and why they struggle to get the pace on a single flying lap qualifying run.
1 cup (200 g) sugar
whistle as they whizz by
The best piece of low-level content ever created by Blizzard is found not in current WoW, nor even in old WoW, but 15 years ago in Diablo. The Butcher.
Police reports describe Loughner as a man who wished to actually live his life in the world created by the Addams Family television show. He had spent years watching 10 to 15 episodes a day, memorizing everything about the Uncle Fester character. "When he did not get the part in the Broadway show, he was devestated," said childhood friend Andy Mundo. "Saturday's rampage was the natural outcome of his grief. He wanted to be Uncle Fester. I'm sorry those people got shot, but you really can't blame the guy."
Shaowen’s paper pointed out “The interaction design process takes place independent of gender considerations, and even today the central concept of the whole field—the user—remains genderless.” I am curious whether the designers of Pinterest have thought about gender but I will not be surprised that the content of the default categories might have been changed according to what the users are putting up on their boards. If so, then it is a participatory process where the first release of the product can still be counted as part of the design phase. This is similar to the user-centered lane building process where people walk across a big lawn and stepped out a path, then the workers build the lanes accordingly. In that case, if more passers-by are female, the final lane should is more likely to be a female route (if there’s difference btw male and female about path picking).
I mean it's just too good.. the guy was doomed.. just imagine what he had to endure in middle school.
So's how's a Doctor supposed to relax in 1952? Well, with a cigarette and a bottle of Johnny Walker Red, what else? Smoking was so common back in the day, people would even be smoking at breakfast!
Acts 22:10
well, at least I think the efforts of activists as Jane Burgermeister and many others (my contribution was very small – merely and mostly copying their materials) finally bear the fruits ! now even such a corrupt rotten propaganda machine as Nation finally decided to post something on the matter. truly amazing.
Click the link below to go vote. You can vote as MANY times as you want. Thanks for your help!
“Well, a couple of things,” Ann said. “First, my husband is cheating scumbag. All I can do is hope he doesn’t know I’m dead yet.”
Revelation 7
Recently I expanded my easy shop, which I've also renamed Fairy Tale Designs, to include jewelry in addition to my art. (I also really would like to have some of my art made into pendants for necklaces, but I'll tell you more about that once I've decided to get that rolling.) I've only made a few pieces so far, mainly earrings (click above for links to individual items in my shop) and I'm having a sale through Valentine's Day, everything 20% off.
After feeling up my arms and legs and back, she asked me to lift my shirt and started feeling up on my chest. She asked about the malformed, protruding sternum, “And this one’s from birth?”
We parted company at the iconic Chalk Farm tube rounding its red tiles between two arterial roads between Hampstead and Swiss Cottage, one of the oldest unchanged tube stations in London.
And a century later I scan the equator
As I disrobed
Please see the price, availability and delivery conditions of American Standard 2373.821.068 Enfield Two-Handle Widespread Lavatory Faucet with Speed Connect Drain and Metal Cross Handles, Blackened Bronze in the merchant’s website by click on a links above.
The project acts as an interactive platform to unite and empower students from around the country through heritage.
Thing is, I may be an exceptionally good liar, but it's almost always countered with my overwhelming need to be honest. I'm honest with my mum and boyfriend about everything, my mum even remembered thinking it was always funny because when I was 11 I came downstairs and told her I had just shaved my legs.
TY: How hard was it for you to do that?
Enough people finally suggested that I should sell my work, so a friend and I went in together on booth rentals and started doing some local crafts faires. I was pleasantly shocked every time someone whipped out a checkbook and wrote me a check for $100. And then we started taking credit cards and I made even more money. Not enough to live on (I had a full-time job and no interest in making jewelry for a living anyway) but the money sure kept me in more and more beads, and classes with bead artists and a trip to the Portland Bead Show.
Form small balls about the size of a walnut. Roll these in either cocoa powder or sprinkles. Store them in a tin with a tight fitting lid.
The encounter with the snake-charmers, a chance to stroke a snake and overcome fears, to crowd around the statue of the saint asking for help for health, or simply sit on the edge, in front of a spectator event so special, inevitably arouses a deep sigh, which is worth a try.
Here are some ways you can add both fun and more healthy food into your daily routine!
The new noninvasive imaging techniques that allow us to “see” how the brain operates have been a boon to the study of cognition. Through this medium, we now know that the brain is capable of “rewiring” itself. In doing so, the brain can regain some of the cognitive abilities previously diminished as a result of damage from alcohol or other diseases. The brain’s remarkable ability to recover is important for at least two reasons. First, alcohol use over a period of time, even at low levels of drinking, can produce varying degrees of cognitive damage, a problem that is of particular concern because alcohol use is so widespread. Thus, the brain’s self-repairing ability may help defer or reduce alcohol-induced cognitive problems among a large portion of the population. Second, the brain’s ability to rewire itself may have implications in terms of adolescent drinking. Recent evidence suggests that the adolescent brain, which is still forming important cellular connections, is more vulnerable than the adult brain to alcohol-induced damage. This is particularly troubling, given the problems associated with chronic binge drinking, which is all too common among young people. The brain’s ability to rewire important neurological systems might help mitigate a lifetime of cognitive difficulties resulting from chronic drinking during adolescence, but we do not yet know if this is true. Future research will help clarify this and other important questions about alcohol’s effect on cognition.
American “prosecution disclaimer” has been an evolving doctrine that started from an unsupported statement by the late Giles Sutherland Rich in a mid-1980’s opinion that finds no Supreme Court case law foundation cited by Judge Rich. It is now eight years since Professor Thomas explained the wisdom
BUT when we climbed the stairs through a not-yet-bought penthouse (yea recession) to the expansive unfinished rooftop I literally gasped and practically fell to my knees. Hundreds of thousands of blinking lights, windowed desks, car taillights on third avenue and bridge pillars lay in an unending expanse right below us. This was a part of FiDi I could get behind. I swear, every day something makes me fall in love with this city again and tonight it was the idea of the fantasy that makes our city so incredibly unique. From where we sat people partied on rooftops and plugged away at work, streets were empty, others were bustling, and every single reflection had a story behind it. It's the fantasy's that make our city so appealing; the fact that a girl who started a blog to get out of a schlump can end up having you read her words, and that two people can find each other in a sea of millions.
One day the sickness shall pass from the earth for good.
My knowledge of the mechanics of my tricycle is limited but even I could guess that the most likely cause is the bearings have worn in what I think might be called the pedal shaft . Well, something like that.
The circumstances by which the United States came to occupy Guantánamo are as troubling as its past decade of activity there. In April 1898, American forces intervened in Cuba’s three-year-old struggle for independence when it was all but won, thus transforming the Cuban War of Independence into what Americans are still wont to call the Spanish-American War. American officials then excluded the Cuban Army from the armistice and denied Cuba a seat at the Paris peace conference. “There is so much natural anger and grief throughout the island,” the Cuban general Máximo Gómez remarked in January 1899, after the peace treaty was signed, “that the people haven’t really been able to celebrate the triumph of the end of their former rulers’ power.”
Now, two weeks later, I returned. (Still no word from the pastor, or the church–forwarded my original message to the church’s email address, hoping to connect with someone there.) The same gentleman came and asked to sit next to me. I had already had alarm bells going off. He is very nice, and seems kind enough, but my gut wrenches at the thought that just “being divorced” is enough in common to build a friendship, much less a relationship, on. His approach and demeanor suggested that he does not agree. Nothing like the damsel in distress syndrome either. As broken and alone as I am, no relationship will heal the pain of my current circumstances–only complicate them. While the pain at times seems unbearable, and friends can seem hard to come by–or at least, hard to connect with in any healthy way in my state of grief–trying to mask the pain and brokenness in any warmth a relationship might offer, will have long term consequences, both for me and my children. It can take everything I have just to get out of bed in the morning and face the day. I am in no state to enter any kind of relationship that will have future ramifications, as all relationships do. Harder to come by, though they may be, I need women right now. Safety. Without the potential of redirecting my entire future before I even know what I’ve done.
“The prospect of cheap fusion energy is the worst thing that could happen to the planet.”
This is my neighbors recipe. We have eaten it several times in their home and they've brought it to us a couple times after surgery. (They're great neighbors & know it is my hubbies favorite.) It is delicious!
But back to a quick and dirty method.
9) End your posts with a concisely written question – don’t just slap on a question, so many of us do. Put a good elegant question at the end that makes your readers want to comment. Narrow it down to one question so you’re driving the conversation where you want it to go. They’re going to make a commitment to making a comment, so make it something that is where you want it to go. These are not yes/no questions but ones that make your readers think and share. It’s an opportunity to say something new, not something you already said in a post. Since all your real estate on the page is important, use it well.
Daughter bathed and I showered, we then enjoyed a nice warm tea, her of pizza, I, the son and Mr N enjoyed spaghetti Bolognese. Maybe a chance of an early night tonight after that very, very long walk.
Just as cool as you please,
And after a quick walk through the gardens (after all it had stopped raining), appreciation of the view, we retreated to our Chums Villa – which was toasty warm from the fire and slept like babies only to awake eight hours later by the gentle tweeting of birds.
Occupy Toronto took over Simcoe Park, across from the Metro Toronto Convention Centre, where Barrick was holding a meeting of shareholders Wednesday.
This particular 7" release came about in the late 1960s I would guess, possibly the year after the team's first state championship in 1965. The Permian band leads a spirited PHS crowd through the School Fight song and then whips back around for a take on "Hawaii Five-O". Has any school band NOT beat this horse to death?
Glibido:
Goal: Develop your antagonist.
I shot big guns at firing range.
Stir in the vanilla extract, sweetened condensed milk and alcohol. Whisk vigorously, then pour into sterilized bottles. Seal. It's drinkable now, but better after two weeks in the refrigerator.
This is David Cummings alias The English Gaucho polishing my boots ready for the ride
By Rupal Parekh
Lately, I've become obsessed with blush. I have so many, but I really do switch which ones I'm using up a lot. Some colors I swear by, MAC Pink Swoon, Warm Soul, Sunbasque, for example and are some of my go-to shades.
I’m always sad to see series I love come to an end, so I did put off reading SPELL BOUND for a month (and, I must admit, the slush pile has kept me busy). I was scared to say goodbye to Sophie & Co., but I knew Hawkins wouldn’t let me down, so I started. And I couldn’t stop. I read SPELL BOUND in two sittings, and I was equally captivated through both.
Had more children
Chatham & Rochester ArtReview.
The 13th annual San Juan Brewfest takes place Saturday in downtown Durango. Some 25 breweries are expected to attend the annual celebration of craft beer.
Trends can be described as ongoing cultural movements or developments. To continuously stay relevant, brands need to be cognizant of cultural movements that their consumers are part of. Planners from JWT India, along with Ann Mack, Director of Trendspotting, JWT NY, in their effort to help their clients stay relevant in a burgeoning marketplace have identified Indian-metro-specific trends that are shaping the Indian consumers in metros and tier 1, tier 2 cities. The chosen trends focus on the fall-outs of new urban lifestyles, delayed marriages, and new codes of moral conduct.
When I arrived in the living room, they both had their little faces buried in the couch cushions, hands tightly clutched beneath them. At this point, it looked as though they had actually taken chocolate without my permission, though I was still holding on to the possibility that this wasn’t the truth. When I demanded that they hand over their candy, they both hesitated momentarily, and then placed mostly wrapped chocolates in my hand.
ASH Scotland
1) At all colleges, there are exactly two fraternities, one of which is populated exclusively by obnoxious, uptight preprofessionals, and the other by likeable underdogs. (N.B., the underdogs remain underdogs by definition, even though it is obvious from the beginning of the movie that they will win all competitions and the obnoxious guy's girlfriend. It's magic.)
Flowers were stamped with Memento blue ink with a Stamp by Judith E-171.
Slightly more emboldened with the wine coursing through her, she slid into the bed alongside him. Her cheek rested against his bare chest as his arm curved around to rest on her waist. She sighed and whispered, “I could probably get used to this.”
Family: grandfather is "Kingman Brewster", former President of Yale University. Her mother is Maria João, the former "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit model from Brazil. Father is an investment banker. She has a younger sister named Isabella. Her grandfathers were ambassadors to Great Britain.
Those who couldn’t care less.
Just sayin. Don’t be a refrigerator snob.
Alcohol ain't getting the better of me,
1) Stir fry the stripped breast in 1 tbsp of olive oil on medium heat until lightly browned and cooked. Then remove from pan.
I have no idea what I'd do with the things made from this book, but I want it anyway because it's flipping adorable.
This was, in my mind, a more accurate portrayal of these beings if they did roam the earth. The most deadly of predators with a taste for fear and pain. Playing with their food before the sampled and indulging in all forms of decadence. The question will always remain on how much of their humanity the would retain. I think the answer lies in the being itself! Great read!!
Pandiraj’s untitled rom-com
Four great dogs
The story appeared a few months before Poe’s death, and was published in 1849. Clearly everyone needs a little bit of Poe trivia in their lives.
“Is there no one common mark of the wrong heart, which is to be seen in all whom God has not changed? Yes! there is; and to that common mark of the wrong heart I now request your attention. There is a most striking and instructive figure of speech, which the Holy Ghost has thought fit to use, in describing the natural heart. He calls it a “stony heart.” (Ezekiel 11:19.) I know no emblem in the Bible so full of instruction, and so apt and fitting as this one. A truer word was never written than that which calls the natural heart a heart of stone. Mark well what I am going to say; and may the Lord give you understanding!
Deep concern
In the battle of Febfast v Feboozary, my Blog Party tipple falls in the Feboozary camp.
I don't have any great pictures of him wearing them because I keep forgetting to get my camera out of the car and That Boy is at work.
President Iwata went on to state he hopes to change the way gamers may already be looking at the Wii U by doing what Nintendo have already done with the 3DS, in his words ‘width’ and ‘depth’ of content.
Now it’s your turn: What are some of the experiences you’ve had with brands and how have these experiences affected your purchasing decisions or buying habits?
With those dimensions in mind, the next step was to create the walls. The 53" height, combined with 101 1/2" length meant the walls would need to be stretched from three pieces of plywood. To accomplish this, each piece of plywood was cut to a 53" height. Based on the positioning of the door, we decide the piece would be unequal with the forward piece of plywood narrow, the middle the widest to accommodate the door opening, and the back piece covering the balance of the length. The plywood was joined at the ends using biscuits and wood glue, with a 1' wide backing of 1/4" plywood fastened with construction cement and air-driven brads.
Anyway best get on, things to do, people to see etc not to mention find time to read more of the new Jeff Lindsay (might not have spelled that right - sorry Jeff) which himslef bought for me as soon as it was released. I love Dexter Morgan.
FBI May Keep Acquitted Suspects On Terror Watch List
EGMONT was founded 130 years ago in Copenhagen, Denmark, and has since grown into a global company with offices in London, New York and Sydney. All the offices are known to work closely together. Apart from being the biggest children’s book publisher in the UK, they are also the No. 1 character publisher in the UK (more about this later).
began to wonder if we would choose an enthusiastic member of a painting-by-numbers club to judge the Turner prize.'
02
you’ll find one at the end of your arm.
05 Moving in Stereo
With the help of a few extra ( and reluctant ) hands,
wow, our pool is GREEN!! YUCKY! yep, after our birthday party on the 1st, with all the kiddos jumping in after playing hard and sweating all day, it just killed the pool!!! :( and since james is gone for 2 weeks, who gets to clean it up?! ME!! OH WELL...i just hope i can do it...i am PRAYING that today's treatment is IT...if not, it is dumping the water and doing it again...sign...pools are sooo much work but so much fun..
I am so tired. Since the end of the holiday season, I feel like I've been going non-stop both at work and at home with very little meaningful downtime. But it's all stuff that needs to get done: work, grocery shopping, making healthy meals, exercising, blogging. By the end of the evening, I have very little energy for nurturing my spiritual life, one of my New Year's Resolutions.
1. Yesterdays
Your baby will feel more relaxed, likely to go to bed easier and fall asleep more quickly if you establish a nightly routine from the time he/she arrives home! Bathing a baby is very soothing, so making it a part of the bedtime ritual is important. Ne sure to have all your Gerber essentials withing arms reach during and after bath:
Never say I don't love you. Here I am at 11.15 at night. Others are still in the bar, drinking. Many have already staggered off to bed. And me? Here I am, sitting in my room at my laptop, because I promised you a live Festival blog and a Debi never breaks her promises.
The children's education is carrying on ok, though we do seem to be having quite a few 'days off' which I want to put right as soon as possible. Halleluiah for Mathletics and Conquer Maths and Reading Eggs and Brain Pop and all those other educational websites that I plonk the children down in front of. The children do actually enjoy working on these sites though and while I don't want them to replace the other, more conventional kinds of learning, at least I know we're not slipping behind. Rosie is taking her Grade Four piano exam next week and although she is very cool about this, she doesn't think she wants to take any more piano exams after this one. I can understand that, it certainly feels that she has spent weeks perfecting two or three pieces, ready for the exam, rather than moving on to other tunes and just enjoying playing. That's what it was all about when she first started taking lessons and I don't want something pleasurable to turn into a chore just for the sake of a certificate. She's been very willing to do the piano exams up to now and it hasn't seemed such a big deal, but this year, she seems a bit bogged down with all the fussy little details that the examiner will mark her down for. Time to call time on exams I think and just enjoy playing as much as we enjoy listening to her playing.
at Christmastime.
Simply Kan. June 19. Sunshine Valley. Lots of bands. Free show. Free camping. Free love. kannaroo.com.
It is so awesome to see students inspired enough to bring art home and do it for homework. I have a four day weekend and I have grad school homework to do that I've been putting off. . . wish I felt inspired to do it!
The next phase for me I typically am too quick with, I think. Whole class work where I solicit ideas and suggestions from the class. It's a bit close to my novice teaching style for comfort, so I think I under use it. You can often gauge in a demonstration when students want more responsibility, or when you've seen some developing use of your objective process. The positive reason I skip more quickly to whole class-students lead-I support is because I want students to have the experience of trying without knowing how. If they can get used to that feeling of 'maybe I could...' it will make them so much stronger as problem-solvers. You can also do this phase in groups with active support from you, and I think this is easier with heterogenous groups.
Because I am flying home with the team in the morning, and I’m in the lineup at the Clay Way event, I didn’t have time to get to all of the links. Here’s what I could get late on Friday night:
The left immediately cited Sarah Palin having used a map “targeting” Democrats. It didn’t matter that it was DEMOCRATS who invented these “targeting maps.” Nor did it matter that the Democrat PARTY – not just some politician who wasn’t even in office anymore like Sarah Palin – had used these maps themselves (both the Democratic Leadership Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee are were discovered to have used such maps).
It's just ridiculous when your neighbour turns around and asks you what the printf function does... Or when he is COMPLETELY unable of even using a computer in the most basic sense by turning on the program we use to edit text...
THERE WAS NO NEED!!! I didn’t like what happened to the old characters… and I just didn’t understand why she just changed the characters completely… I was really happy with Alex, Tom and Ellie, although some of them were annoying at parts, they just worked together… and Ilsa Bick just didn’t had to change it… because, in my opinion, THEY JUST DIDN’T WORK TOGETHER and it was too forced…
the truth of it is, this is the real thing.
“The “Illuminati”, really, is merely a convenient term to refer to those individuals and secret organizations who continue to pursue the same goals in our time. In actuality, the order’s existence began long before the eighteenth century. The truth is it began in Babylon, in the sixth century BC, with the advent of the Jewish heresy of the Kabbalah.”
When I responded to his initial contact I also ran across the name of an old roommate of mine from my college days, so I sent a message to see if it was the same guy. As it turns out, it was! He responded with a long message saying how he’d tried to find me and filled me in a little on what’s been going on in his life as well. Damn, I found 2 long lost best buddies within a 24 hour period! What can be better than that?
- A critiquing service for a fee. The publishing world is changing, and reputable agents are more and more branching out into other areas--including the provision of various paid services (I'm planning a post on that in the near future). However, offering a paid service to a potential client is a conflict of interest--never a good thing--and if you're cold-call soliciting that client, it suggests that maybe shilling the paid service is your main objective.
My sincerest apologies for the radio silence in the last few weeks. I have been particularly busy trying progress on my master thesis and working with Rotaract.
Just say what you feel!
In my last purse, I failed to do so and I ended up with a purse that did not have any compartments inside of it so of course it is always messy and I always seem to not find what I am looking for at the time. Now I still have this one at the moment as I have not found on that suite my needs right now.
feeling brittle, unmanageable and a little sticky.
Another thing that has really helped me is WordPress itself. I find this typing away in the WordPress format to be aesthetically pleasing. You may prefer something else like Word or maybe even pencil and paper. That’s fine. As long as it gets the job done.
Several weeks ago, I mentioned that I had been introduced to Ravelry. For those of you who are not familiar with the wonders of Rvaelry, it is an online sewing and crochet community where you can share details of your makes, find patterns, yarn, and just generally spend an awful lot of time browsing at all the fantastic things people have knitted! I have been so inspired and i am so excited to get knitting. I wanted to share with you a few of my favourite inspirations.
I was even more surprised today when I found ALDI among our local grocery store advitisers. I grew up with ALDI in Germany and now they have opened several stores right here in CT. Buying German Products is now as easy as 1,2,3. If you have a craving for Knackwurst, Schwarzbrot for dinner or Sauerkraut it is just a short car ride away. CT has so much to offer, great shopping, beautiful coasts, parks, historical sites, and lets not forget affordable Real-Estate.
2 responsible
Don't judge. :)
There are many ways to listen to your iPod or iPhone but a little known product is available to enhance your listening experience and make waking up in the morning more pleasant. Alarm clocks! You can now integrate your devices with your new bedside companion and kick your old “buzzer” to the curb.
I have children in my class who were already friends because they went to preschool together. I have the twins who are the best of friends. There are a few who have found it easy to make friends because they have something in common; maybe siblings together in another grade, or maybe because the live in the same apartment building and have seen each other in the elevator.
If you are searching for that perfect present for a crafty friend or relative then look no further than their Christmas Shop. There's a wide selection of gifts and crafting kits to suit all tastes and budgets. Each comes with a bonus gift absolutley FREE, plus double loyalty points with each item.
It is not rare for us to see successive films that deal with similar topics grace our local screens. Be it the possible corporate subterfuge that resulted in the animated films Antz and A Bug's Life being released in the same year or the cultural zeitgeist forming a critical mass of choreographed documentaries about dance like Pina, Joffrey: Mavericks of Dance, and Space in Back of You into Bay Area movie houses this quarter, let alone the So You Think You Can Dance? and Dancing with The Stars TV empires, it's not unusual to find several films in dancing time with the same spirit.
Hiring man says "son if it was up to me"
After rallies and meetings all day Monday in Sanford, Florida, where the shooting occurred, Trayvon’s parents are expected to appear on Capitol Hill Tuesday as the US Congress takes up the issue of racial profiling.
At first Brad's all "WHAT?!" but then he laughs and says "it's fine! It's liver!" Then Ramoner shrugs, takes a bite (of the one she just let her dog lick on) and says, "it's good." I LOVE IT when she brings the crazy like that.
(A little "me history": I grew up spending summers in PEI with my family. I haven't been back in six years, but thought it was high time Michael get a taste of the Island charm!)
Housework -- 10 - 20 minutes (laundry, put away dishes, change bedding, wipe down bathroom)
Most of us take water for granted. When we turn on spigots, we expect that precious resource to simply flow. Let us take a moment to follow that flow back to the place where it all begins—Mother Nature.
It took 45 minutes for the firemen to rescue Moses by drilling holes around the plastic flap.
Does this mean that McLaren has an advantage over the others? Only time, testing and racing will really answer that question. In my opinion though I don’t think there is any advantage! Any of the F1 teams have the opportunity to ‘copy’ innovations or existing parts from their competitors so would have been able to use the concepts from McLaren at any time however, so far, 3 teams have chosen to go with the step nose. After months of testing in a wind tunnel and simulations there must be some reason why this is the case and I think every F1 fan is now intrigued to see the results from testing and also what the other teams unveil! Personally I want to see what Red Bull (or should I say Adrian Newey) comes up with!
Mr. Dahl: "I can eat them raw, but you can't. I think we should go to that Jewish deli-
The world needs our stories. So be brave, get them down, and send them out!
What this info conveys is (whether you and I like it or not), there is no way anyone is ever going to prevent this war from taking place. We may perhaps be able to postpone it slightly, but this Great African War SHALL happen. Whether the blacks want to get rid of us or not, that is not the issue here. Their fight with us is another fight, something very different, but this is their own fight, not ours.
Neville got his moment and then some… Ron and Hermione’s kiss was something I had been waiting for since the fist time I read the Yule Ball scene in book 4. I will admit to being a fangirl in that regard. I love me some WEASLEYS! I am also a bookwormish know-it-all so I have rooted for Hermione since no one liked her in book one, poor little Miss Smarty Pants :)
Dulltown, Europe: Today’s dictionary word is ‘plus-fours’ – baggy knickerbockers.
I took this picture last night. Sam has been putting random toys on his head lately and saying "hat!". Last night he did it with a plate of rice and beans before we could stop him. The food was so sticky it hardly even fell over him, just made a nice mess of his freshly cut hair.
There are so many obstacles it’s hard to know where to begin, but all aspiring writers should concentrate on only one thing - writing the best book possible. Not because it follows a formula or because it’s what they think publishers want - but because it’s what they want to write. Their passion will show through in their words. Once they get the book right, it will be much easier to find a good agent and then a supportive publisher.
I printed and cut it using the layer features so I could remove the striped panel and have the chick in a different spot.
In ordering clubs to release players, Fifa underline why they are at continual loggerheads with the clubs. They have not dropped the August international friendlies from the calendar once more undermining their arguments that they care about players. In that they are no different from the clubs; money is king and the players count for nothing. Until they are injured.
40 Exchange Place appears to be commercial real estate which in NYC, which would militate against allowing residential use of the space. Commercial space is treated differently than residential property, not to the benefit of squatters.
The Road, Cormac McCarthy
It's just a neat idea that you can use for tons of other things besides your airplane luggage. You can use it for things like a day out at the zoo to tell the difference among your children's lunch pails, or what bags have the goodies and what has the extra pull ups, clothes and medicines, etc. The applications for things like this are really unending and extremely helpful.
It’s the most wonderful time of the year!
This is so true..although his family thought they were acting in his best interest and in love..they were in fact infringing on this mans rights..an older man who simply wanted to enjoy himself regardless..simple really..we can be so selfish sometimes.
$1.00 off Any Two Weight Watchers Sweet Bakery
1 decanter
My family will try to tell you that I’m not innocent, I have a personality that keeps them on their toes. Over my lifetime and theirs I have earn several nicknames – The Godmother, The Evil Christmas Elf (comes from making my nieces wrap their own Christmas presents), Mistress of Ambush. My favorite response to them when they try to get me into trouble is just to look at them with a wide doe eyed expression and say “Moi?????”
In prison, you can spend your free time writing letters or just hang out in your own space all day.
Another possibility would be a Mâcon from the other end of Burgundy – try the delicious Mâcon Villages Blanc ‘Les Roches Blanches’ 2008 Louis Jadot at Majestic. This is slightly different, in that it is a little softer and riper than traditional Chablis, but it is still an unoaked Chardonnay from Burgundy showing good minerality and acidity.
Here he is with his new smile! We can see the new tooth popping through already, so this tooth was definitely ready to come out.
He is survived by a daughter, Lily Oscar Bergman, and his sister, Wendy Kleckner.
“The adaptations to her new flat will continue over the next week then it is hoped that Ms Parma will sign her tenancy agreement and move into her new home, where her social worker will ensure her care package meets her needs.”
6. Pay your partner in cash. Prostitution is very taboo, and what is sexier than things that are taboo? Treat your partner like a cheap whore right after love making and just watch the sexual energy skyrocket between the two of you.
From a strict taste perspective, this wasn’t the best burger that I’ve tasted but it wasn’t too bad either.
TM 14 - Blizzard
Noteworthy are the ones in Stockholm and Hamburg. Other mosques are in New Jersey, New York and Ohio, the former officer said.
It's one thing, if you have 5-6 waiters waiting on you,
The check-in process was maddening. Try to imagine the most inefficient way to check a group of 8 adults and 7 children and you still can’t come close to how it actually happened. And in the midst of it all, the power kept going off! It was wild. We were getting closer and closer to the time our flight was to leave. It seriously took hours just for them to check us in and check our baggage. (This wasn’t even waiting in a line! This was simply them actually checking us in!) The sad thing is, is that it was all wrong. They hadn’t checked several of us in for anything beyond our first flight, and had our baggage all mixed around.
Go Packers!
Natalie and I are going to see the Backstreet Boys!
b. If a fifth of the members of the People’s Assembly object to a legislative decree, on the grounds of its unconstitutionality within 15 days of it is being presented to the Assembly, the Court shall rule on it within 15 days of lodging the objection at the Court;
—Joseph Goebbels, 1932 pamphlet
at a lost today, m'darlings...people are fine, but i am totally wiped out...i've stumbled around the blogosphere and left a few comments, but i'm tired...wiped out....wrung out....and what's even worse
Most airlines, like Air Canada, treat the fare adjustment like a ticket change. So you’ll be slapped with a change fee that typically ranges from $50-150.
- Mike & Lynn A.
Here are the people I’m tagging:
The Campbell's version of stuffed peppers was something I used to dread... a slimy, wrinkled, parboiled punishment on a plate. You stuck a fork in them and they burst, and this liquid that tasted like over-boiled green beans ran out and filled up your dish as the pepper deflated and laid there like a gross saggy wrinkled Jolly Green Giant scrotum.
It’s like fool’s gold.
4. In the evening, take a warm bath with two cups of Epsom salt dissolved in the water. The salt’s key component, magnesium, supports hundreds of enzymes in the body.
“Indeed,” he deadpanned, the slightest curve rising up from his lips. “New heights.”
Tanith Lee – Venus Rising On Water
posted on our
So after reading and praying, I decided to not call myself a Christian. People who don’t believe in God relate the word “christian” with bible-thumping, stone throwing people. I did not want to be considered as one of those people.
* Nazi Holocaust
Smarter Data Center Solutions by APC and IP-Converge
Someone once asked, “What does it mean?”
American developer Matthew Kerins received Prime Minister Owen Arthur’s go ahead to build a waterpark in the Graeme Hall watershed. According to Mr. Kerins himself, he paid some US$2 million dollars in “consulting” and other fees and met with Prime Minister Arthur, who assured Mr. Kerins that the Caribbean Splash waterpark was welcome in Barbados. (See Caribbean Splash Waterpark Developer Says Barbados Government “Cannot Back Out Of The Deal…”)
* In Paris, someone tried to sell a weekly rail pass to us, but I recognised it was just a one way rail ticket.
"Mom!" I laughed, showing her the picture. "Here's my answer to an expensive, over-priced maternity coat!," I joked. I explained that with 5 weeks to go, I can't button, zip, or cover anything, but refuse to buy a maternity coat when I have just over a month left to wear it.
Here is the first page:
The Home Minister said that the government had not expected the BERSIH 2.0 rally, a sequel to the 2007 event, to succeed in cleaning the air, and was not surprised the rally failed to bring the Air Pollution Index (API) number down.
Needless to say, we didn't leave the place as found with Jack tearing around the place.
"No, I saw the children and I thought they looked like they were from Africa!"
“They could have asked me and I’d have agreed at one go. I wouldn’t have asked for money. I would have just asked for a small credit to the band for the song,” says Palash.
They change who we are, and how we look at the world.
All laid out on the table they looked so harmless (only 9 of my digits would agree that sentiment) but we rose to the challenge and now they have been completed! And if I say so myself, they look pretty awesome too.
Can you guess what that spells?
August 26, 2011: Shahbaz Taseer, son of assassinated Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer, was kidnapped in broad daylight by armed abductors from Lahore District. Accusing TTP of being behind the crime, his brother Sheryar Taseer told the media a day after the abduction, “Our family has been receiving threats from the Taliban and extremist groups.” On October 17, 2011, Interior Minister Rehman Malik said that the abductors were keeping Shahbaz Taseer in areas near the Pak-Afghan border and that he was alive. No demand letter has been received and his whereabouts are still not known. It is believed that Shahbaz Taseer is being held to force the family to accept a token financial compensation under Pakistan’s (Islamic) Diyyat law, so that the death sentence against his father’s assassin, Malik Mumtaz Hussain Qadri, is not executed.
Beynac-et-cazenac is officially one of the most beautiful villages in France. The country maintains a list of such places, much like Australia has a list of tidy towns. To make the list in France means the village really is stunningly pretty.
So we said, yeah, ok, why not? A free digital recording thingy! Great! More telly for the kids! (Woohoo!)
@Barrie Summy
It has been a really busy summer with both of our jobs and with Kristina going to school as well. She takes her semester finals tomorrow night and will have a break for a few weeks. We are leaving for Pensacola Beach Tuesday for some down time and then we will have one week before the boys start back to school. It's hard to believe that we will have one in middle school. They are growing up so fast.
If the United finished third on the final table, they will play sixth-placed team which could be Stevenage, Notts County or Carlisle.
Facebook’s rooftop QR code
Part of my routine is to take a break between edits of my novel by entering a competition or sending something to a small press outfit that accepts submissions at the moment. Often these are pieces of flash fiction or other short fiction. And I find as I drive, iron, wash-up, shop or walk I get thousands of ideas that are like dandelion seeds in the wind: they disappear again before I have time to write them down. As I talk to my first year university class about what they might include in their autobiography assignments I think of snatches of life-writing I might compose – and then
Another fellow from a taprooom but this time one of the brewers from Numazu.
“I think what we’re seeing is a lot of kids who are given power and immediately begin to abuse it,” Tasca observes. “Some of these guys are as young as 18 years old. You give them a uniform, and it goes right to their head. And even many of those that don’t do abusive things miss the point, which is that we’re supposed to be peace officers. They get a badge and a gun and they think they’re gods, or at least that they’re entitled to treat people like dirt. I see them as people, and insist on treating them like I’d want to
So you read the the rules/info? Easy breezy right? I am sooo excited to see your creations!
However, having said that, I would say that in the modern mind, most people associate spectacular violence of any kind with the "genre" popularly called "action-adventure." In Yvonne Tasker's introduction to her academic collection ACTION AND ADVENTURE CINEMA, she cites one Larry Gross as having coined the term "the Big Loud Action Movie," which essentially applies to anything with lots of things blowing up or people beating up other people (or monsters beating up monsters, superheroes/supervillains, etc.) But as my insistence on applying the Fryean mythoi ought to make clear, I don't think violence alone, or even violent combat, qualifies a given work to be deemed "adventure."
The MSM seems reluctant to inform us how this new thought-crime of religiously aggravated harassment was contravened, but posters displayed by Conway in the windows of his home are rumoured to link the sexual consummation of the marriage between the Prophet Mohammed and his nine year old bride Aisha with the casual disregard Muslims exhibit toward the rape and grooming of underage English girls in Britain’s northern towns and cities.
You can substitute shrimp with smoked salmon pieces..
So I was sorting through my receipts from the UK, throwing away the things that weren't deductible and remembering how much I love museums and books and charity shops (not, not, and not deductible).
It has been a long week with little time for training… So what have I been up to?
“So Davis, can you tell us all how me being a ‘raving lunatic’ will impact our project deadline?” Lana asked from her office in California.
9. Shitting Bricks
I'm cranky. And crampy.
genius of its composition. May it be ravished by romantics, enjoyed by
Let me summarize a story for you that The Simple Way community in Philadelphia was a part of. Hopefully this will give you a picture of the impact Shane’s talk had for me.
Several days later doctor's office called and said that his allergies were so bad that he needs to go to the pediatric allergist in CYNTHIANA. Hello? Could it be any more inconvenient????
An Unfounded Argument
If I could hold you forever in my arms, I would babies.
2 of 2 people found the following review helpful.
Hasn’t research shown GM foods to be safe?
Then sit/stand back and sip coffee. Sure they'll all start eating, drinking and rooster will be doing his thang to the ladies, (urgh!) but sooner or later one of those girls will crave a bit of egg laying.
My first teaching post was as a History Teacher in Loughborough
We have years to live but can’t add years to life.
My morning workspace.
OK, so the last one is a bit odd, but it still makes my point: an extremely pretty gay man who also happens to be the most admired knight in the realm, and who is virtually never bested in tournaments (until he meets the lovely Brienne.) Would a sexist story portray a gay man–much less a pretty one–like that? Hell. No.
Even though I can’t have her!
How did everyone's menu plan go last week? Did you stick to your plan? I find that sometimes when I plan specific meals for specific days I have a difficult time sticking with the plan, but it went really well this week. I really loved being able to decide what I wanted to make for dinner each day knowing that I had everything on hand for a variety of meals.
A friend took the photo of me right before I left to meet him.
Soissons, France. 1414.
4. Move It On Over
The book was reprinted so here is the original and the more generic looking reprint side by side:
One evening after programs, Gail and our children were at the building waiting for me to return with the van after dropping off children in the neighborhood. When I returned Gail was excited and a little shook up. She had watched a drama in our sprawling overgrown neglected parking lot behind the corps building. The lot was surrounded by old rusting wire fence. It made for a very effective World War I battlefield. That fence had trapped two heshes trying to escape some young white guy driving an SUV trying to run them over. Gail said it was horrifying and hilarious. Here were two creatures running for their lives best they could in high heels, dresses (very revealing dresses), wigs, makeup. Heshes were always, shall I say slender. Could fool you for a moment at least into thinking, yes, they could walk down the fashion runway. But now two were frantically running from one side of Verdun to the other, looking for an opening in the fence to get away.
For those that are new to our challenge... Welcome! We're so happy you've found us.
Thanks again, best wishes always, Kathy Brahney
Ants and their larvae are actually eaten by humans in different parts of the world. Not in my backyard, though. That's why we have traps.
However, the Embassy opposite were clearly not listening! Staff had shut down and cleared out.
And I find me a perfect catch
-We are no longer as invinicble as our 20 year old selves.
Sharpe's Waterloo (good)
Women have taken over the workplace, yet they still make less than their male counterparts.
with so little time left. Half the
Then, there are the photos. Are you meant to delete the photos from the past? Yes, it’s all over and done with, but although this person might have hurt you, this is part of the past that has made you who you are today. At some point in time, this person was a big part of your life. In my case, I think if it was over for more than three months, it would be fine. Worse still are the photos you will see of your ex with the new person. Again I think this would depend on time. Three months is acceptable. If there was an overlap, it would probably be like rubbing salt to an open wound when you look at photos of parties that you can’t attend because your ex did and there are the photos of him or her with the new flame.
I drove back to Bridgeport after we ate dinner
I see that so many of my favourite bloggers already have this award. It would be quite difficult to find ten, so I’m going to just choose the first four that popped into my head.
Ask your parents and the groom’s if they have a preference. They may want to sit together at a “family table” or they may wish to sit with close relatives and friends. I would sit your parents’ tables close to the dance floor. If you’re dividing the room between bride’s guests and groom’s guests, the parents’ tables can be at the center of each side of the dance floor so they have a good view of your first dance, toastmakers and other special moments.
1. Heat your oil at high temperature
The deadline is midnight on Friday, January 2, 2009. Make sure I have an email address to contact you. Good luck and Happy New Year!
I think the temps were in the mid to high 80's, here in southeastern PA, and let me tell you what... I am not ready for weather like this. At least here in mid April.
If you want to take part, then do it! What's holding you back? You can use the #BandDERM hashtag on Twitter so it's easy to find other people who are participating. Go and check out Bella and Daph's blogs so you can link up! WOOP! GO TEAM!
When I got home last night, I posted the following comment,
Partnerships 11
That is what forms both the books – That and the most amusing doodles which have a life and style of their own. Along with humour drier than the Atacama, and a wit sharper than diamond tipped razors. At times, Lennon also throws in a risque joke or ten about ‘cripples, spastics,’ etc.
The home they first brought their babies to, wrinkled, new and swaddled tight from the hospital.
Perhaps you may want to try out some examples of such a beer. One such specimen is Abita Pecan Harvest Ale, from Abita Brewing Co. in Louisiana. It is widely distributed in Texas, so pick up a sixer and taste it for yourself. The brewery has this to say about its pecan-flavored offering, according to a press release:
These items have never been used! We bought them for a photo shoot and never used them.
Arizona Governor Jan Brewer’s comments can be dismissed. After all, she is what Obama-supporter in good standing Samir Shabazz describes as a “white, dirty cracker whore”:
TRAI will be specifying the min. number of channels that each Indian cable operator will have to show bit.ly/KF3TEl
This has been a wonderful week “off” for me at home, although I spent the first two days working at the HeidiSongs office answering phones and emails, and trying to help my husband out in whatever way I could. After that, I spent the Tuesday night and most of Wednesday creating the handout for my presentation on classroom management that I will be giving at the California Kindergarten Conference and the Southern California Kindergarten Conference in January and February. Thursday was a day for cooking and giving thanks, and now here we are on Friday! Time sure flies when you are having fun!
Ghana has celebrated the introduction of two new vaccines to prevent pneumonia and diarrhoea – two of the biggest killers of children worldwide.
With this in mind, we constantly pray for you, that our God may count you worthy of his calling, and that by his power he may fulfill every good purpose of yours and every act prompted by your faith. We pray this so that the name of our Lord Jesus may be glorified in you, and you in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
If kids not interested or stuck in one place, give them a break, come back later
4 cups rhubarb
The beach is only 4 weeks away and I really want to be able to fit into my swimsuit. Are any of you getting ready for the beach? How are you preparing to fit into your swimsuit? Or am I the only crazy one that bought a swimsuit one size too small? ;)
While the cashew milk looks thick and creamy, it is light and thin on the tongue like skim milk.
There is no girlish femininity about Joyce Cary's Government Baby, which follows Mansfield's story. It, like Kipling's story, tells a story of expatriates in an outpost of the British Empire called Dabbi, "where there was no butter, no potatoes, no ice; where newspapers were a fortnight old, the library consisted of two Edgar Wallaces and somebody's Auction Bridge with all the middle pages torn out, and nothing ever happened except in the native town which was a perfect nuisance in any case." As I have an irrational aversion to the medical profession, I was particularly pleased by Cary's comment that, "All doctors tend to autocracy, and Government doctors are tyrants."
but something terrible, black, and wholly alien that you
This is not a repeat. This is post number 2,001. I republished this card both as a reminder to enter the contest and as a lead-in to my next judging fiesta, namely, figuring out the biggest improvement and bust in the history of Donruss.
Thinking about those days in the past made me realize something. I sat down and took off the new pair of expensive running shoes I was thinking about buying. I placed them back on the shelves where they belonged. I put on my old shoes and took off with my friend to the other aisle. I grabbed a pair of the regular, reasonably priced ones. Ordinarily, I would've purchased two pairs. But I only needed one for now. My friend raised her eyebrow, and she asked me why I changed my mind. I told her, the other shoes just didn't fit right. I paid for my new shoes and still had enough money left over to buy two new pairs of the expensive shoes. But we went home to drop off the shopping and headed out to eat.
I like that the university has begun its own press -- University Press of Victoria. There is an amazing amount of creativity and progressive action toward publishing here, all of it good for the university and the town itself. More plans are in the works for books and literary journals. And today I heard discussion of possible writers' workshops.
The laundry is only the tip of the iceberg. The lack of motivation is spilling over into other areas as well. My dusting in the house. The filing of papers. My coupon cutting. I am becoming so overwhelmed with the unfinished work that I don't know where to start. This behavior is so unlike me that it is really aggravating me.
Interleaved with his story are two others: of a single mum (Vanessa Paradis) struggling to raise a son with Down syndrome in Sixties Paris, and of a woman plagued by strange dreams.
My hubby took my vehicle to work this morning because the roads were a bit slick. I drive the SUV and it just affords more protection in the snow.
KID GOES OFF WITH AN ADULT — IT’S CALLED A BUDDY
How deep is Your love
and We’re not trembling
Upon being awakened, none of the three men retained any memory of their mental experiences while in the hypnotic state; and they were exceedingly surprised when I read my notes to them. At Aloysius' request, they all promised to return the next day, when the experiment would be continued.
2.) What do you like most about my project? (I know this sounds like fishing for flattery, but it's important to get this perspective)
Cut 2 of these: 4 1/2 inches X WOF, then trim them so that each handle measures 27 1/2 inches in length.
5. Reading - I have so many books sitting at my bedside, just waiting for me to pick it up. I just... don't. On top of all the things I over-commit myself to, I have joined a book club. This means I HAVE to make time to read. But it also means that this book is the priority, whether or not it would be something I would choose to read on any other given day. At least I have something in my life for this one thing pushing me to "do"!
A few parsley leaves
The disadvantage PR is facing is the electorate is unwilling to cut PR some slack. Whenever PR is seen to be inefficient, the Malaysian voters are quick to find fault with PR and will revert to the thinking PR is not much different from BN. This is a fallacy as BN is not only seen to be corrupt but corrupted to the core.
For this project I needed:
Home is such a powerful, visceral word that resonates in every human being, the idea of a place where you belong. But somehow, over my years of growing up, it has seemed to elude me, how it always felt like it was here but inexplicably over there at the same time. Every part of me seemed miles and centuries apart and each place and time called itself my home.
One day, there was an unusual number of nuns involved. That day, the technique changed. The nuns just lay down on the pavement, shrouding themselves with Tibetan Snow Lion flags. It was so unexpected, even the police started laughing. Their gentle prostration turned everyone's expectations on their heads.
These turned out so well! They're a flavorful, non-greasy alternative for nights when we're craving something naughty that we won't regret the next day. Try them! ASAP!
Teenager bent down and looked at the wheel. As soon as he did he began to get all kinds of helpful advice from the crowd.
I must say I had a bad experience to begin with: I downloaded a PDF I needed for research, and it was hopeless: when the screen showed the whole page, the print was impossibly tiny, and zooming in gave me a frustrating section of a page only, whereas if there was one thing I needed to do with this document, which was the report of a tribunal, it was scan whole pages and skip. I ended up printing out the whole hundred A4 pages, which gave me the chance physically to divide it all up, and put together the sections I really needed, and mark bits with different coloured highlighters according to order of importance. Well, that was a PDF, but then when I came to download a novel next, I discovered that that ability to skip back and forth is crucial to my reading of novels, and it wasn't so easy on a Kindle. Get to a point in a novel which refers you back to an earlier moment which you then want to glance at again quickly, and with a paper book you can usually do it in an instant by remembering how far the book was physically open at the time. Try that on a Kindle, and you're pressing one button after another, and your reading experience is suspended and clotted... And I know some people think it's sacrilege, but I like to scribble copious notes in the margins at top speed...
On the pitch, where the true test of any manager is fought, Mancini has also out-smarted Ferguson: 7-1 is the aggregate score of this season’s two league derbies. The memory of the 6-1 caning handed out to Unite d in their own backyard in October cowed Ferguson into a defensive 4-5-1 that featured Park Ji-sung – who had not featured since 15 March – alongside the creaking trio of Michael Carrick, Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes (combined age 105), and Nani – whose ability to track back is not mentioned on his CV – in a loaded midfield designed to smother City.
Had my work buddy (who was nominated to be the representative of our department for this year's charity breakfast event) not been persuading me to participate, I would have just gave it a miss this year.
If you have been reading my blog from the start you know that my Faith is everything to me. I believe in my Faith when I am down, when I am happy, when I am troubled and in every aspect of my life. I know that my Faith never goes unnoticed even when my journey is in the toughest times. Sometimes it is hard to be thankful and grateful for all you already have when you may feel that you need so much. Maybe if you have an ongoing struggle or tough situation it is easier to think negative thoughts and say negative things instead of being positive. But I am going to tell you seeing things in a negative way will get you no where. If you are always being negative you will never be successful and achieve your dreams. But if you were to do the opposite you will often see how wonderful your life really is and will be able to be thankful for all you have.
My dad took me to the Saturday showing, which I insisted on going to, because it was Rocky Horror, and there were only two showings.
I use my iPad for most often for reading journal articles. Using the ATLA database through our library, I find an article of interest and send the PDF to my email. I can either copy it to my DropBox or send it to my Kindle as described above. Prior to buying an iPad, I either read the article online, or printed it for future reference. Anyone who has written a dissertation knows that you end up with a small forest of printed papers when researching, by reading on my iPad I save some time and money by not printing out articles. I sometimes send several articles on a topic to my Kindle app and head off to a coffee shop. Naturally this method will work with any online database that allows students to save files for offline reading.
“One pitcher, sit in the back and leave when you’re done.”
Getting ready for these collages was an opportunity to look through some of the papers I've been collecting, hording, squirrelling away for years. These gorgeous marbled papers are from Florence (the photo doesn't do justice to their rich colours and fabulous patterns).
We are finally getting settled in. The kids have been enjoying their weekly Classical Conversations, we've found a few homeschool groups to plug into and we've made some real connections and friendships. We found out that one of our homeschool family buddies lives only a block away from us, so we've been able to visit with them quite often!
QUALIFICATIONS Required:
Despite all this though, I am determined. I know it takes time, and I have lots of that. I will keep taking classes where I am being challenged. I will keep going to milongas and doing my best to keep the fissures from showing. And eventually, I will crack the cabeceo code. Hell, I figured out the DaVinci Code in abut 8 chapters, so the cabeceo code can not be that much harder! ;o)
- L'Oreal Telescopic mascara, Infallible lip: CAD10.99
I have had my fair share of disappointments (crushed dreams) this year. I did not get into my dream school. I could not go to my second favorite option because of money- instead I will next year be attending my last choice. Even though I spent my childhood moving around, I do not get to move to where I would wish, like I had dreamed my whole life . I auditioned, and I will not get the chance to speak at graduation.
but gone is the fairytale princess.
#27
And I don’t even know why.
Did you know it is World Zombie Day? Did you know there was such a thing? Well. There is. And it's today. So I hope your zombie day was a happy one.
If there were rock
So my dear dark ones, do any of you have writing routines or a favorite place to write? i rally like writing here and the bagel/coffee shop but i do most of my writing at home and when i head back to school i will have to find a place to write or create a corner of my room into my writing space. Also do any of you eat as you write? or is it strictly writing for you?
Home ain’t a place that gold can buy or get up in a minute;
1 clarify
You’re doing a great job. You’re the best dad in the world. I’m sorry the moms at story time won’t let you into their circle, but I don’t want you talking to other women anyway.
what if
When he sleeps
If thou wert sensible of courtesy,
This doubled with the fact that I have no current work experience, any references or an actual resume (i would write one up if someone asked me to drop by with one) makes me feel super frusterated and pretty let down. I even tried the tactic of casually chatting with people for awhile about a relevant topic and then slipping in the “oh you wouldnt happen to be looking for anyone would you?”.
The online payday loan is a very short term loan. It can alternatively be called a paycheck advance. This online loan helps the borrower pay for his expenditure until he/she receives his/her next salary….. Read More >>
Now comes the problem: getting those juicy off shore dollars repatriated. There are a number of schemes enumerated in the Slate article, most of which have seen better days, so now corporations are howling to repeat the “one-time” only maneuver blessed by Congress and the Bush administration in 2004. However, since the repatriated dollars were utilized mainly to repurchase stock and bonus executive employees, the corporations have been received a rather chilly reception.
If we were to start appreciating the little things that make our lives worth living, boredom will surely not get us tonight!
A couple of these have popped up during my absence from the blogging world...
The book has been out a week and at the moment the hardback edition is 16,605 at Amazon. On Saturday it was 10,932. Does this sound like a best-seller?
Fourth out there, is the Toyota Prius. This might be the most popular of all of the fuel efficient cars released within 2011 and also this, with a sticker price involving $24, 760 along with a gas efficiency of 51 kilometers per gallon. The very best mixed car until now, this midsize vehicle can support children associated with five and also operate together with 134 internet hp using a one 8 liters motor.
To be a prophet, of course, you have to be 100% sure of your prophecy. This seems to be true of both Camping and most of his Apprentices:
With all of this in mind, I was making conversation at dinner last night. I started to ask Teen if she had any thoughts on this matter. Then I stopped mid-sentence. How would the younger 2 view this event? Would it add more worry to Youngest's ever-worrying mind?
This week's French Friday's with Dorie challenge was a perfect treat for a post-holiday family get-together. Everyone wants something yummy for dessert, but we're all a bit sick of the heavy December desserts.
Moscow-based Mamedov utilizes the process of film direction by collaborating with a
Busy brewing this weekend: brewed a new IPA inspired by Rogue Brutal Bitter and bottled the Rogue Yellow Snow clone. I brewed the new batch first, then bottled the Yellow Snow while the freshly brewed batch was cooling. The bottling didn't go well. First, the transfer hose came off the spigot of the bottling bucket and beer spilled everywhere; then I had trouble getting the beer to flow through the hose once it was reconnected. I lost patience and ended up filling almost a dozen bottles by placing the bottle directly under the spigot. In theory this should be an aeration/oxidation nightmare and the finished the should taste like cardboard, but I'm not too worried because I dry-hopped the heck out of this beer with two ounces of Amarillo. I'm thinking the dry hops might cover up any oxidation. At least half the batch got bottled the right way.
I think one day..I may open my own restaurant..
Safe Route to School Public Health Program Coordinator at Injury Prevention Services, Gail Carlson, aims to use the program to attract new walkers and bicyclists and create healthy competition between classes, schools and school districts. Ms. Carlson is finalizing the logistics before the May 2nd roll out date, such as training program administrators, parents, principal, and school staff. She sees the bar code program as the natural next step for any Safe Routes to School program because counting students is efficient, data is more trackable, and motivation of parents and students is easier to leverage. The real-time reporting capabilities provides an opportunity to find creative rewards and incentive programs.
There is room for discussion. The boss might as well accept for his request. Or might consider an other person to do the work.
Let me know if The Husband Project is working for you. Is it hard for you to come up with ideas or is it easy? Does your husband notice? (Not mine, but it's kind of neat because I feel like I have my own little secret - I wonder when will he catch on?) Does him noticing (or not noticing) make you want to try harder or just give up? Well, don't give up. This is just the beginning.
Kedah Royalty lodges report over enactment amendment – Monday, 23 April 2012 14:03
Can’t we get better wifil or be able to use our sim cards for 4G or 3G.
we can be excited about all of the new sets that await us in the
It's something we expect our kids to do when they're tiny and yet we find it almost impossible as adults.
on them as teenagers, I move on to ask her about the female-ness of
The parade of life going by sounds so close it could be marching through my bedroom. --Pg. 3 of an ARC of "Breaking Beautiful" by Jennifer Shaw Wolf
It is complicated.
Just backwards country swang
April:
Riki’s stroll down memory lane goes back three years to Midas where he has his initial encounter with Iason Mink who caught and stopped Riki from doing a bad, bad, thing… Oh Riki, you naughty little street boy!
The path of escape is clear. Blow the trumpet. Its sound will not disturb the pure. Those who wait for you will not be able to withstand it.
The only issue I had with The Boo Hag was the ending. While most of the story is resolved, we are still left with some unanswered questions. I wasn't aware that this was the beginning of a series, so when the book stopped, I thought something happened with my download. Alas, it was just the mighty cliffhanger! Once I knew this, the ending made complete sense.
For those unfamiliar with Ms. Des Barres’ tome – it is the story of her life as a rock’n’roll kitten, and her rollicking adventures cavorting with the likes of Jim Morrison, Jimmy Page, and Keith Moon. And it wasn’t that she was just hanging out with these people – she made an entire career out of being a bona fide groupie. To me, her life seemed to be filled with sunshine and flowers, sweet hazy smoke and musky patchouli, feather boas and velvet capes (and the occasional whip and chain thanks to the aforementioned Mr. Page). It all seemed so glamorous, and being a groupie sounded way more fun than working in a bookstore. I envied her position and guileless hipness, and her uncanny ability to be in the Right Place at the Right Time. And, of course, her liaises with famous rockstars.
Clint
Though you would have to work with Fergie and the god awful Black eyed peas.
And yet I’m not sold on it. My pores look the same as they always have and always will do. My skin looks no more even than it did before. I can’t pass judgement on wrinkles obviously... And then they go and whack in a fairly strong fragrance too. It’s a little bit reminiscent of cucumber but really quite noticeable. If you have dry skin, £57 for 30ml is in your budget and you don’t mind strong fragrances you might like this. If you’re expecting a miracle cure for enlarged pores I wouldn’t hold my breath.
"She's got legs, she knows how to use them
For the next few days JustRite will be revealing the new May Release, a wonderful collection of 9 stamp sets and 1 set of coordinating dies!!!
I did not grow up with religious views, nor teachings. To attend church was strictly prohibited in the communist east. I was however baptized in secrecy, as my mothers uncle was a priest and my mom always exhibited a deep sense of beliefs, which became part of my life in an unforced way and felt very natural.
This, I think, was largely a byproduct of the depiction of the dynamics between the two sisters in general. For one thing Mina’s voice was just far more immediate and convincing than Suna’s, hence already one side of the relationship looks weaker in comparison. Suna’s chapters weren’t convincing in the slightest. The third person present tense had this dreamy quality that, while on rare occasions managed a lyricism that drew me (The part wherein Suna wore the dress? Beautiful, and probably the only truly empowering scene Suna had in the whole novel.), most of the times made Suna to seem like an infantile preteen stuck in her own head. She sounded simply way too young and naïve, and I find this childlike depiction of Suna and the connection between her disability leading to her mother’s rejection and her sister’s fierce protection disingenuous and terribly problematic. Also this dreamlike quality made her interactions with her mother and her sister never quite believable to the reader, which definitely hindered the reading experience. It is too bad that An Na was not quite able to depict a believable sisterly relationship between Mina and Suna, because so much of this book rests on the results of their sisterly bond, but none of the story’s climax and ultimate conclusion had the desirable effect it needed to pack its strongest punch. The caricature of the mother and almost non-existent father did nothing to help matters.
“The west Belfast community endorses the rule of law and those who take the law into their own hands and act as judge, jury and executioner have no support from the rest of the community.”
Combine that with such a strong domain and it’s becoming a lot clearer as to the reasons why they rank so well.
Seeds from one vanilla bean
4 c. mini marshmallows
Anyway, I think I will just have a walk around and panic a bit more and then decide to change and look more formal and then change back into my jeans but a smart jacket then a hoody then a long frock which might drag in a puddle so long boots but they need a clean so short boots and smart trousers that need ironing so ...
Whoever you are, slandering me, or anyone else, I strongly advise you to fear the displeasure of Allah, make repentance, privately & publicly, and never set your feet upon that evil path again. And, you had better do that really soon, because I have my eyes & ears to the ground, looking for you, and you had better pray to Allah that you seek forgiveness & seek repentance, both publicly & privately, before I find out who you are; you’re officially on my shit-list, and for the record, you have to be a real douche-bag, in order to make it to that list. There’s a powerful proverb in Mongolian, which is the following, “Do not scorn a weak cub. He may become the brutal tiger.”. I usually try my very best to be the cool-guy. But, now, I see that I have to revert to bein’ a Nigga bout mines. And, honestly, that’s fine with me, if you wanna play dirty, hell…I invented playin’-dirty. Now, you’ve really fucked-up, because you’ve taken my good-nature for weakness, as though I’m a weak cub. You’ve made a big mistake. I’m Muslim, first. But, then, after that, I’m a Real-Nigga, and a Real-Nigga is gonna do whatever a Real-Nigga’s gotta do, ya dig?!!!
1 large egg, beaten
In this light, the mission of social work is not to conduct a direct assault on social failings and abuses; it is to keep learning about such problems and to keep seeking out the needed resources. Counseling psych people and MBAs are not our competitors, in this view; they are the ones who have the requisite skills. If there aren’t enough of them, we may have to get in there and fake it — to provide direct service, that is — until either we have developed the expertise or, preferably, have found someone who was trained for exactly that purpose. (I say “preferably” because you won’t be looking at the big picture, and juggling all of the balls that need to be juggled, if you are mired down in bookkeeping, in client counseling, or in other specialist tasks.) The role of the social worker is, generally, that of the collaborator, the resource seeker, the persuader; it is not that of the accountant, the psychiatrist, or the nurse.
Well, I found it startling that all I was asking to God is happiness in this mortal world. While the eternal happiness and peace can only be found in heaven, and that is the first thing that should come in our mind. This should be our very first ideal in life.
The exceptions to this rule would be:
(1) Hunts tomato sauce = .33
We’ll brew a lot more next year.
If there were an unexceptionless law that the unemployed must become terrorists, then the non-Muslim unemployed youths who live on the estates of Britain, or at least some of them, would now be terrorists of some kind.
My husband and I visited family in Canada and the US and our house has been FULL of people and fun stuff going on so I was way too busy to blog.
He strides across the Middle East,
Harry only worries about the essentials, food and water and getting lots and lots of rest. I'm going to try that this weekend while I'm home in Belleville. Tyler and I are going to do as the rabbits do!
7--Prince
- Volunteering
600ml (1 pint) hot vegetable stock
About Kidz Bop Ultimate Hits:
Should my good wife request my opinion on something, do I give the answer she wants to hear, or what I actually think is the truth? I know it's fundamentally flawed, but I can't help saying, 'actually, it does make your bum look big', if it really does.
In the 1990s, a series of recordings from her first concert after the accident were released. These archives, recorded in Tulsa, Oklahoma, were found in the attic of one of Cline’s former residences by the current owners and given to the family. The album, released in 1997, is titled Patsy Cline: Live At the Cimarron Ballroom. and features dialogue of Cline interacting with the audience, providing an historical archive of what her live performances were like.
YOUR MOTHER TOLD YOU TO TAKE A SHOWER! YOU DO WHAT SHE SAYS!
Happy 2012 everyone! The message is clear: if we are not kinder towards each other - If we don't raise each other up - if we don't become a better species - there is going to be a lot of lemonade to be made.
Lucio worked with Homeland Security to beautify the fence. Near the course, the wall is several feet shorter than elsewhere and is painted green. The wall is so subtle that some putters, many of them “winter Texans” from Canada and the Midwest, don’t realize they’re on the south side of the border wall, he says. A gate would change that.
Sparrow's Flight by Sam Kepfield
A noob to the v-day dinner scene in Paris, I was scanning the room for other star-crossed lovers, which only seemed to lodge Cupid's arrow further up their asses.
I like to cook, and I’m pretty good at it, but when you take food to an “event,” there’s some expectation of presentation. Let’s just say I was absent the day they taught presentation in Home Ec or was standing behind the door when the Martha Stewart genes were passed out. I think my friend Mary got my share. She can make a simple snack of cheese, crackers, and fruit look like a feast, and her home-baked goods always look like they came fresh from the most elegant bakery in town. She says the secret is paper doilies on the platter, but I can never find paper doilies in the store, and the rare occasions when I have them, I never have the right size.
NB: Inverted U's are a favorite of development economists - the Kuznets inverted U is a posited relationship between wealth and inequality and the environmental Kuznets inverted U is a posited relationship between wealth and environmental degradation.
I asked the kids if they would recommend the story to others, and they said yes. The reason was, and I quote, “Because Samara is half black.”
The construction put upon Mr. Gorham’s doctrine by the Judicial Committee was as follows:--
8:00 - 6 oz jar of fruit, toast
Cattails should fringe the water’s edge.
If I care about you, and you care about me, that’s everyone covered, everyone loved, and nobody needs maintaining any more. I’m not Gandhi, but I think that’s a pretty good philosophy for life.
Fill out your profile BEFORE you make your first post. You do not have to reveal everything about yourself...keep it simple! You may want to list your interests so that other members can find and connect with you. If you have valuable experience in areas that concern the forum, you may want to list those.
Not that I expected anything less from Miss Sara B. But even though I know her to be an amazing vocalist, I was still in awe of her performance.
If Simon le Bon was reading a book on Shakespeare, so was I. If he liked Andy Warhol, so did I. If Peter Murphy was reading Herman Hesse, me too. I stand by my crushes, though. They made me curious about writing and music and art.
new levels of my circle of hell
Start-to-finish, I reached 50k in under 192 hours (8 days). I was the 3rd person in the Liverpool region to finish (we have a couple of those irritating finish-in-two-days *&%@ers or I'd have been first ;D). I was in love.
the release of flying high
I regroup, step back and take a breath. I let it sit for a few hours and return to the computer, hoping that a fresh perspective will offer a better view of what I just wrote.
With your bitter, twisted lies,
I need to begin work on issue #30 of OPE zine, but I have not yet done so. I did get an idea for a cartoon called The Football Party. It's a cartoon that will "write itself," though it will need me to physically move the pen.
Examples are:
Founded within the 19th century, this company makes luxury leather products worldwide. Products which are sold will possess the extremely common LV logo monogram, that’s seen upon most products, which range from leather goods and luxury trunks to ready-to-wear, watches, shoes, accessories, jewelry, books and sunglasses. The logo is upon the actual leather, making it as common as all other brand names within the world.
And very young. I loved Shlomo's compositions and arrangements and choreography (I wasn't so crazy about the time machine part, except for the actual whooshing of the machine - I'd have liked that bit more if there'd been bigger changes of style, but that'll evolve).
I did most of my shopping online (and I'm pleased with the results, so pleased), but there was one undelivered snafu. I could remedy that by going to the mall today, although Cranky kindly suggested that we wait until later next week. He is such a good boy.
Obviously I need to define the recipe card lines a little better. The plate is concaved in the center and it was enough that I peeled off the stamp from the wood piece and then stamped (carefully). I now need to fire the plates and then I will move on to painting the leaves. In case you're wondering, I used porcelain paint on the stamp, not ink.
I was going to use the following pictures for Steppin' Out Saturday, but never got around to it. Plus, honestly, who really wants a quasi fashion post about a dress I got six years ago, right? Anyway... my dress was from Nordstrom, boots are Steve Madden. Ryann's dress is Target last year, cardigan is from Old Navy, and her little silver sandals are by See Kai Run.
American chocolate manufacturers use 1.5 billion pounds of milk, which is only surpassed by the cheese and ice cream industries. In fact, the Americans are also responsible for eating half of the world’s chocolate products, consuming around 2.8 billion pounds of chocolates each year, or over 11 pounds per person.
I also went by the Kruidvat Outlet Store, and there I found these lovelie things for a very small amount of money.
Every camera is different, some of you may find that you are happy with the photos you get just from the light box. But if you are like me you will still want to make them brighter. Part 2 explains how to do this...
OK before I start talking, about this movie, I just explain why this review was late, between me being at work, and my lazy ass watching non-stop One Piece, I just never got around to writing the review. So I’m sorry for the delay.
Today I would like to talk more about the multiple dimensions of reality, the multiple dimensions of our own being. The word reality is commonly used to refer to that which is solid and tangible. But the physical world is only one aspect of reality, one possible frequency in an infinite spectrum of vibration.
The Impotence Pandemic
I had two Lawnmowers and an Amber. By the time the final call came, I was too full from lunch and beer to use my last token. Next time I'll be more diligent. Click the above pic to go to Flickr for more photos, if you're into that sort of thing.
we'll go fishing in the crawfish hole
Well, this is how it looks the plate by now and the thing is that I need a break because I kind of lost the sense of what is real and what is fake(Alzheimer). So is it better if I come back after two days and just make simple changes or adjustments. I still need to build a couple of spaceships in Maya and shoot the green screen part and the main challenge is to match the lighting from the studio with the lighting from the background that come from the right side.
6. Chronicled Deceit
Should you buy this? If you’re into the gentler side of indie, something along the lines of Guster, or something a bit more on the mellow side off of Sub Pop’s more recent catalog, this may be to your liking. Since this is a limited edition, it’d be wise to grab your copy soon. Support indie labels!
Time To Let Go calls to mind the sunny tunes of fellow Queenslanders, The Boat People and Yves Klein Blue. Intercooler started as a group in Brisbane and produced the albums, Old School Is The New School and Forever Or Whatever but these days they call the four-seasons-in-one-day city of Melbourne home. Their music – despite surroundings – remains shiny with the songs here conjuring up images of a balmy day at the beach, ice-creams melting in your hand; blue saltwater glistening under a cloudless sky; and sand in between your toes.
You know what? I need some inspiration. Poems are hard to write this late at night. HOLY CRAP, THAT RHYMED AND I DIDN’T EVEN TRY TO DO THAT. anyway, I’m gonna take a break, have some more of this rum, and watch “The Larry Sanders Show”
Thank you all so much! We’re enormously grateful.
And it has consumed me.
Nothing, repeat nothing, they have done has turned the ship around. It may have deflected its path by a few degrees, but despite the colossal amounts of money, we are still in recession, we are still massively in the red and we have yet to see any growth.
I am sorry that there is a name in your household that by its mere mention brings you deep sadness, severe worrying and embarrassment all in a moment.
As a recording artist Ronan has a relatively short shelf-life. Simon knows he is going to have to hit the ground running to maximise Ronan's earning potential, particularly if they go ahead with a planned break into the States and the pace is going to be frantic for Ronan. If you think the music industry is bad in the UK, you haven't seen anything until you experience it Stateside.
Take a pan, add oil,splutter mustard and urad dhal. Add green chili and ginger, then add onion fry well till onion changes it colour. now add the rawa and roast for few minutes. now add corriander and curry leaves.
If you are an artist and would like your music featured on this radio show broadcast, please email your track and information to weplaymusic@dejavufm.com
I will repeat that.
Cercas (sadly): You read them.
Daniel Ash: guitar & saxophone
Oh how we loved Dead Poets Society. Partly it was probably the cute boys. Partly it was that it was funny in parts, sad in parts. But, I think mostly it just touched us. It made us cry. It made us think. It made us feel. Even today... I watched this, and I cried.
cornflour to thicken
Let me tell you a story….are you sitting comfortably? Then I’ll begin.
a car repair place that actually replaces an under-warranty for free, without finding 20 more problems with the car.
In my opinion, they ought to be painted white to match the mantle, but even still, I really like the way everything is looking. The mantle definately added warmth to the room, but adding the shelves into the mix kicked up the "cozy' factor exponentially in my opinion. And I have to say that I am pretty giddy about having oodles and oodles of shelf space to accessorize. I can hardly wait for the tchotchke hunting to begin.
Thus–be honest.. and strive for the truth.. but know your limitations. In addition, never forget that meaning and truth are independent variables–and while they can overlap–there is no reason that they must.
When I think about those personalities and interactions, I always see Groves as one (or several) of my math teachers. He’s the kind of guy who’d give you zero credit on a quiz or homework for making a simple mistake in your number manipulation when you had successfully defined the problem and attacked it with the proper solution. On an infinitely more significant playing field than a school math class, here were the greatest geniuses of the age, solving a problem which had never been addressed, which was possibly unsolvable, and his input to the process of saving the world from the NAZIs is to correct their arithmetic and complain about their undisciplined work habits.
I know, deep down inside, that despite being gifted, both kids have some level of weakness in their executive functioning - you know, the higher order skills in being able to sort through thoughts, hold them in their heads, organise them and put them on paper. On being organised enough to not run late every week for swimming. To know how to tidy up their room. I know that they struggle with these things. Whether or not they are severe enough to count as the inattentive type of ADHD we are waiting until May (which is how long you have to wait to get to see a specialist).
The pleasurable thoughts didn’t last long, morphing inexplicably into the memory of a film Lawrence had shown her once, his attempt to get into film school, a laboured and frankly tedious series of re-enactments of the climactic scene from The Brown Bunny with Lawrence himself in the hallowed Vincent Gallo position and a variety of desperate or otherwise pliable young ladies from the local sixth form college eager to augment their tuition fees by taking on the Chloë Sevigny role, taken from a variety of angles and shot in quite bewildering High Definition detail. Unfortunately Lawrence had neither the build nor camera and lighting skills to pull it off successfully and the three-hour-plus compilation of clips and outtakes had singularly failed to land him a place at his college of choice. Undeterred, he had continued to send out copies to any institution he thought might be interested, not to mention any hapless female visitor who happened to wander into his flat of an evening, until finally common sense took the upper hand and Lawrence found himself the wide-eyed subject of a Customs and Excise raid. They seized computers and dubbing equipment, and, thankfully, his master copies, which meant that Ophelia might at long last banish the thought of those hairy thighs and horrendous boxer shorts from her mind, but sadly not today, it would seem.
“Black and Asian people are like a spreading cancer ... There are no-go areas in Halifax, where I have lived all my life, where white people daren’t go even with their cars ... All immigration must stop ... The country is full up. We don’t want people like that here. They have a different attitude to life. They are not wanting to adopt our ways of life.”
OK, yes, I am aware I have had a son. BUT, and I think many can relate, sometimes you get this surreal realization that you have kids. You're not a teenager anymore. You're out of high school. You've BEEN out for nearly 10 years!! And I have a little guy, that's not so little anymore.
with your hands, roll out each ball into a length which measures about 8 1/2 to 9 inches. you will notice that it may crack while you're rolling it out. don't worry about that, just squeeze it together and work it so it extends. the cracks are part of the look of the cookie.
but adulthood happens just the same. The older I get
From the beginning the character “Haruhi Suzumiya” was always a high tempo characters. Thus I had to make a low tempo character, “Yuki Nagato”, in comparison but really… you get that feeling from everyone else, don’t you?
I've got a lot of random thoughts to share before I KA-POW you with the x-rated drawing. Don't worry, I'm going away soon so this is all you'll have to remember me by for the next two weeks or so. Here's one more thought before the dirty goods.
Eggs, Ameraucana Heritage
2 replace
You also started blowing raspberries, sometimes for what seems like hours on end. You learned to do it with your lips months ago, but just in the last few weeks learned to do it with your tongue (a true raspberry).
¼ c grated parmesan cheese
Look, it’s hard to bag on random acts of kindness. Makes me seem like even more of a jerk. “Oh, you faceless blogger, you’re hating on Misha sending his minions out to deliver flowers to strangers.” You know what, when 15 cents on the dollar is going to Pakistan and 52 cents is going to flowers, I think I’ve got a soapbox on which to stand.
The main questions being discussed: Does the monkey get the copyright? If not, does anyone?
Hank: Hey Brock, how would you do it.
I was hugely impressed with her, although her friend had had Benny do the same and Benny is a very lazy animal.
If you are using a Copic original marker you can simulate the "lift" at the end by lifting up as much as possible at the end of your stroke, then coming back with a colorless blender from the opposite direction. This is also useful if you got your colors too dark. Go back from the opposite direction with the blender and push the extra dye into the shadows. On thin paper you can remove excess color by keeping a napkin or paper-towel under your work and it will help soak up extra dye.
It was a privelege to read about them.
Markowitz closes by asserting that "there's nothing better than China and Brooklyn together."
you were a good melody that lasted a few heartbeats ..
And with him…I’m learning, and waiting…against the backdrop of sunsets and beneath the limbs of trees…
“He was brave and selfless and gave his life for his country so everybody could enjoy the freedom that we live now,” said Huling of West Chester.
The earliest May Day celebrations appeared in pre-Christian times, with the festival of Flora, the Roman goddess of flowers.” (Wikipedia)
I have to admit that I never thought that quinoa could be a breakfast item, but I was pleasantly surprised because I love quinoa. Like love it!
This is the piece that goes in that hole. It's about 3/4 inch long and .450 diameter (the round part). It doesn't appear to be any sort of high-zoot alloy, and is finished in "something black". I was able to get a replacement from Savage, but that didn't solve my problem (I didn't know threads in the rifle upper were damaged until I got this). The threaded stud on the top of the piece is 10-32. The internal thread is an odd one: #12-32.
And another 4 ounces in top form in the color Watercolors. Both are a blend of Merino and Silk, and for some reason I just really really wanted them that day.
“It’s a complex political reality on the ground in Pakistan. We’re certainly not identifying who we were in touch with.
For Aubrey's party - we did a little bit of a circus/carnival theme - I'll admit largely due to the fact that I was slightly obsessed with the pennant flag banners that are popping up all over the place right now. I just love them and thought they would make adorable party decor. My sister Nikki, of Doodle Dog Advertising, made some adorable invitations for the party featuring a cute little elephant that I decided to use for the cookies too.
Heat brown sugar and butter to boiling-stirring constantly). Remove from heat and stir in corn syrup and pecans. Pour into greased tube pan.
Outcome
When we were kids, our grandfather always tended a
and into the black
Please follow our rules to be eligible for one of the awesome prizes provided by our generous sponsors:
Will our girl find true love?
It was one of the most beautiful sights I had ever seen in my entire life. And it stopped me. It stopped me in my path.
He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still. Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he bringeth them unto their desired haven.
I don't know who's running the seminaries and my sample rate is admittedly small, but it seems that only the dullest speakers are allowed to be ordained in the Church.
If you live in the Cincinnati or Northern Kentucky area, this place is a must try, especially if you have little ones. Classic stands like this are hard to come by, and home made root beer is too.
Right now on the Government propaganda broadcaster, the BBC, there is a debate as to whether chipping is a good thing, and of course the debate is rigged to be 100% favourable, with no dissent whatsoever. The only difference in opinion is as to how harshly the owners of those who do not take the chip should be punished. This is a serious issue, and one we dismiss at our peril. The microchip for people is on its way, and if we accept it, we are finished as free humans, and the agenda of turning us literally into cattle (Goyim) will be complete.
Of course there are many folks who would consider this a pseudo-connection, the illusion of a true contact between people. And in some ways it is true, there is no competition with actual face-to-face contact with others. But for years we have come to appreciate that other forms of connection are also valid in their own right. Letter writing, though all but extinct in today’s world, was and is a powerful way to connect with the people we know that live far away. I miss going to the mail box, sliding open the flap on an envelope and holding a card or letter in my hand written in ink from an old friend telling me how they have been or what they have been doing. The telephone which includes the newer portable cellular model (for better or worse) - provides a connection in real-time with those both far and near. As a coach, I use the phone (or Skype, it’s cyber-cousin) to work with my clients who live hundreds or even thousands of miles away and I have learned to tune my hearing to pick-up on subtle nuances in tone, breath and sound to connect as legitimately as if they were sitting across from me in my livingroom. But these new modalities also bring connections of a different sort that are in their own way increasingly important and valid.
Haute Hippie.
Do you other junkers/bloggers have 3 arms or something?! Or maybe a camera on your head, I just don't see it.
Seit Citrus Kick - Key lime, Clementine
follow the heart
According to (hushed) reports, two white reporters were attacked and beaten by a mob of at least 30 blacks in Norfolk, Va. The story went unreported for TWO WEEKS by the very newspaper, Virginian-Pilot, the reporters work for.
Is this the little girl I carried,
Spanish wine. Best ever. I WILL be bringing some of that home with me. If that means I have to toss out some stuff so it’ll fit in my suitcase–so be it. Rioja. So good.
Torture Hindered Hunt for Bin Laden
Look on in horrore as Frank Broughton makes a dancefloor disappear
He sat in the kitchen while I cooked dinner and told me over and over again how everybody hates him, everybody thinks he's ugly, and they are right. He is ugly. He is hideous.
God created the heavens and the Earth.
The news spread like wildfire among police agencies worldwide, even those who did not have the IBIS-System installed. Police friends whom I had met during overseas visits in the USA, Canada, and also in the United Kingdom, wanted to know from me if the ‘new’ South Africa was under siege, or not.
Bobby Rush: In My Dippins
I received papers in the mail stating that I was to show up for my next visa appointment. But this time, I was to pay 340 Euro online beforehand and print out the receipt.
If you can, drink some water or eat something to help yourself to be fully back to the physical reality.
This past weekend, I had a marathon flea market session with my partner in crime Nicole at the Raleigh Flea Market. I love the flea market and could seriously go every weekend. I think it's the perfect place to find unique accessories and finishing touches for a room. But I never find as much good loot as when I go with Nicole. I think this is equal parts good coincidence and her uncanny ability to find a use for virtually everything I pick up, thus eliminating that little "but what will I do with this?" voice inside my head.
i.e sagging skin / flabby tummy
The challenge this time is Spring. Show us those lovely things that we so look forward to seeing with the changing of the weather to those lovely spring days. Yes, Easter is a spring occasion, so Easter counts!
- The templates provided at the bottom of this post.
These are just some of the reasons why I loved our visits to toy stores, but the two main reasons I loved them are actually simple: wonder and awe. Every time we went to a toy store, the boys experienced a sense of wonder and awe that you could see, hear, and feel in the air like a bolt of electricity coursing through their spirits.
So my challenge for you dear reader, is to create your own self portrait in an unusual object. Be it kettle, car window or chrome your mission is to capture your reflection (and hopefully share it with me!).
That doesn’t mean they’re out of the woods yet. In fact, out of everything we’ve seen these past few years with the Mets, they seem to be just merely getting to Base Camp 1. We could see some status quo for the short-to-medium term, but long term will tell whether they’ll be completely solvent. (Don’t kid yourselves – they’re not going to be any time soon — just check out the numbers on Mike Silva’s NY Baseball Digest.)
All young men studying at Ivy League universities, and at others, must bear in mind they are being continually scrutinised by some of their Professors with the intention of selecting from amongst them, those who will serve the Elite, and become part of a global network of interlocked covert and overt societies and organisations, working for the New World Order. Some of those already selected will be present among them, mingling with them and yet, in their heart, separated from them by a sense of belonging to a brotherhood with a mission that has been going on for a long time. These young men also know they will be rewarded by advancement in career and also that if they falter they could be killed!
Authorities said a buddy or two distracted the store's clerk while the thief tried to open the till behind the counter. But it's locked, and the bandit was forced to look elsewhere for his loot. Moments later, security cameras captured the bandit as he moved over to the store's ATM. The man is seen trying to lift the machine off the ground, but clearly he finds that it's too heavy to move. "He tries to rock it loose... tries a couple grapple holds on the machine," said Gary Keller of the South Salt Lake Police Department. "I don't know what he was planning on doing if he did get ahold of this machine. He doesn't look like a bodybuilder by any means." At that point, police say the man leaves the store -- but not for long.
Remember, to give a warm hug to the one next to you, because that is the only treasure you can give with your heart and it doesn't cost a cent.
2010.09.07 Russia Baksanenok 1 0 Suspected Islamists assassinate a judge.
Petaling Jaya.
You do not have to be embarrassed about having them. Anyone can get genital warts. There are men and women of all ages that get genital warts. This is a very common disease that is unfortunately increasing in more and more young people because they are not practicing safe sex.
Large pot with matching cover
'Are you feeling...’ James stumbled over his words. ‘stronger…since…?’
A stream of sparkles was floating from my window and gathering at the foot of my bed. I stared, open mouthed.
We had red and white streamers hanging in the living room and dining room. The table was decorated with a black table cloth and red and white plates, napkins and silverware.
Arequipa may only be the second largest city in Peru, but it is definitely the most charming (sorry, Cusco…) The old town still maintains most of its colonial-era architecture, built with silla – a pearly-white volcanic rock mined in the area around Arequipa. Most notably, the city is overlooked by the (now dormant) snow-capped volcano, El Misti and is surrounded by 80 others!
A while ago this would gladly go as my motto… but now I have my doubts. A few more drunken blunders and maybe I could jump up and die. There is no doubt that the ratio of drinking has gone high over the last few years… especially since I joined the gang. Hope my parents never read this. So here is a list of all the deadly, embarrassing and shameful blunders I have done, seen my friends do and heard of … Yaah don’t expect me to tell you which ones were done by me.
The words “I don’t care”, rang loud in his head.
There are simple guidelines to go by to help you decide whether a medium might be fake or genuine, but sometimes some are just plain egotistical and greedy. I added the latter onto the fake or genuine, because the sad fact is not all people who are naturally gifted mediums are honest or decent with only your interests at heart. They should be but some who start off being genuine and honest can go to the wrong places and be taught it is ok to make big money out of all of this. It is alright to charge for one’s time or services, but by charging we mean reasonable amounts and not silly ones.
He took me four wheeling up this mountain.
Newport Beach Never Ceases to Amaze Me at Bucket List Publications. All of BLP’s posts are cool and amazing; like getting a free vacation in your living room. This one highlights a truly beautiful place I miss very much.
You know I'm not a frequent hair-washer, but did you know Mr. Sugarplum colors it? (I get some help in the blonde department. Shocker, I know.) Granted I don't use off-the-shelf box color, since my Nashville bff is a rock-star hairstylist, she keeps me stocked with the good stuff. And even though Mr. Sugarplum does a bang-up job, it doesn't compare to a professional. In the six years we've lived here, I've been relying on him and frequent visits with my friend to keep me from looking like a wildebeest. As hard as it is, it's time to find a local hairstylist. I've got an appointment tomorrow with someone new, and I'm bringing these pictures with me. Does anyone do blonde and bangs better than Reese?
2. d. If the prerequisites for surprise no longer exist, for instance, because inhabitants appear by chance, the chosen site must be immediately abandoned if the troublesome witnesses cannot be eliminated silently.
Happy Friday to you!!
Lager
Someone once told me not to become a literary agent if I was one of those people who had to always 'clear my desk.' The simple fact is that there will always be jobs on my to do list. There will always be submissions to read. There will always be client manuscripts to edit. And there will always be another blog post/tweet/social media thing to do!
The Symbols
2 ripe bananas, mashed
We have to immerse ourselves in the story again and again, detail after detail, to awaken our dull hearts to the price paid for our salvation. The undeserved physical abuse was horrific at the hands of evil men. And the spiritual anguish even worse which made him cry out “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” (Ps. 22:1). He was indeed “led like a lamb to the slaughter” (Isa. 53:7b).
DT: Well, it would be lovely if a few more people read my blog at http://davidtallerman.blogspot.com. And if anyone happens to be at the UK SFX weekender in February, come say hi at the official Giant Thief book launch.
All the recipes came out very well. The white cake is delicious! It's buttery without being heavy. It's moist enough on its own that it didn't need any syrup to keep it from drying out. It's a little bit on the sweet side for my Asian palate, but I think overall it was a wonderful recipe. The lilikoi curd was also wonderful. I cut down on the sugar for the recipe. The curd was tart on its own, but with the cake on the sweeter side, it matched very well. As for the buttercream, this was a winner!! As I've said many times before, I'm not a big frosting fan. But this is one of the best buttercreams I've ever tasted. I again cut down on the sugar and it was perfect.
Anyway, this post really lives up to the moniker "babbling bandit" as I have carried on way too much. I have a border-line migraine so I'm going to leave it like this rather than try to edit down to something more succinct.
We humans run rampant over our domain, the land, but when it comes to the ocean we are like the kid outside the candy store with our noses pressed up to the glass. Sure, we might get to go in every once in a while, but we'll never really know what it feels like to live there. Mermaids, on the other hand, can explore every square meter of the oceans, from the deepest, darkest trenches to clearest crystal beaches. We can never hope to understand or even see every mystery the ocean keeps.
The story does its job by getting the viewer interested, but virtually any “dark past” story will do that. The story is pretty predictable, but that isn’t what The Bleeding House is about. Obvious clues are given throughout so most viewers will be able to figure out the ending before the middle of the film plays out, but what keeps The Bleeding House engaging are the unique characters that manage to get more interesting as the story progresses, and the wonderful special effects. The work done on each kill is detailed, and always looks realistic. Whether it’s a sliced neck or a bullet wound, The Bleeding House can make almost anyone squirm.
The xbox only comes with 2GB but if you “pay a small amount” you’ll get up to 250GB
www.breakingnews.ie. Headlines as they happen.
She has tried to do everything right,
Cream cheese icing
And now, to the case of Friend C. Friend C used to enter relationships on the assumption that, if she didn’t make any promises, she had no real responsibility for the feelings of others – beyond common politeness. If they developed ‘feelings’, that was up to them. Then Friend C had an epiphany. She got badly hurt by Friend A, and decided that ‘I didn’t make any promises’ just wasn’t good enough. Friend C then hooked up with a very beautiful man, and after some months found that she just couldn’t ‘love’ him (or, at this point, anyone). So she set him free (and luckily, he wasn’t ‘in love’ either). Sometimes when she remembers what a very beautiful and dear man he is, she regrets it, but then, she reminds herself, I have to be very CAREFUL.
I ask your merciful forgiveness when I don’t always believe that I am well equipped or called according to Your purpose. Please forgive me when I turn my back on the plans you have for my life and try to follow my own path.
But the site that housed The Players lived on, going through several incarnations in the decades that followed. Beginning in 1953 it was Imperial Gardens, a huge Japanese restaurant with reflecting pools on the upper floors, popular with musicians and actors. Next, in 1989, it re-emerged as The Roxbury, a trendy and notorious nightclub where patrons included Tom Cruise, Prince and Eddie Murphy. In 1997 it changed hands again and became Miyagi, a restaurant/nightclub with 7 sushi bars, 5 regular bars, a Zen garden, a waterfall, a dance floor, pool tables and more. In April 2012, it opened as Pink Taco, part of a Mexican restaurant chain owned by 30-year-old Harry Morton, son of Hard Rock Cafe chain founder Peter Morton and grandson of Arnie Morton, founder of the Morton's restaurant chain.
Women in Mathematics, Lynn Osen, 1974.
The stats on Patti Page are astonishing. Over 100 million records sold. 84 singles on the Billboard Top 100. Oh. And one Grammy. 1998. But she won it the first and only time she was nominated. It came about 50 years after her first hit, "Detour," and her pioneering first "double track" recording sessions. "Tennessee Waltz" is reputed to be the #2 single of all time, behind Bing Crosby's 'White Christmas." From 1948 to 1982 she always had a single in the Billboard Top 100. And while she was mostly considered either a Pop artist or a C&W artist, she remained the best-selling female artist of all time…and I don't think that title was taken away until the Madonna era.
In summary, we found that some communities are engaged in NNRE economic development, although it is not typically identified as such. It was also clear that there is generally low or no understanding of how to define and develop a local or regional NNRE strategy in order to overcome existing barriers and foster institutional changes to help rural communities.
Tools: Spellbinders- Classic circle and scalloped
There are so many things I can bitch about from traffic to the uncertainty I feel in my own heart. But what I really want to focus on is the unfairness of the blindness it seems I'm doomed to wander through life with. The inevitable pain and sorrow, the intolerable length of time it takes for any real healing to occur, despite my unending attempts to focus on this healing. The fact that all I've wanted for years is a true partner in life, someone to raise my children and build a home with, and that I still don't have that, and it's increasingly looking like I never will. One of my children has already grown up and moved out and another one will in a year. I'm on my own.
coriander seeds - 2 tsp
TATOOS BY FORT APACHE
Does come to me gently, and all this life I’ve been searching for connection, and
Me: "Okay then, I guess we must leave it at that."
We were playing outside with a water squirt gun. He would shoot water at me, I would run away, he would chase me, and we would laugh and laugh. Then, he would hand me the water squirt gun for my turn. I would shoot water at him, he would run away, I would chase him, and we would laugh and laugh. Only, one time, when I was shooting water at him, he held a batman nerf toy up to protect himself against the water. At his young age, this was a brilliant display of cognitive reasoning! So, I made a note about it to tell 2nd daughter when she picked him up.
I've certainly learned oodles from my agent and editor. I know now what my weak points are as a writer (e.g., too many commas, not enough backstory, romance), and I'll be able to watch for those better. Just from working with Lucy and Laura, I've grown so much in my ability to look at plot, characters, and pacing more objectively, and I find myself often catching plot holes or dialogue flaws I might have missed before. I also know now what my strong points are and what kind of things I write best, and I can exercise those to the fullest. I can write with their past critiques in mind--and best of all, get immediate feedback on my work. So I think the most valuable change in my drafting process is that I now have stronger confidence. Before, I was always second-guessing what I'd written, wondering if it was total crap; but now, I have a lot more faith in myself and in my ability to evaluate my own work.
Once the leg staples are permanently affixed, your lower extremities are forever shunted to a parallel reality where they, frozen in time, will no longer interfere with this season’s fashions. This will also increase blood flow to the face and hands, causing intense swelling and the growth of unicorn horns, which four of seven Minnesotan cattle masseuses agree is medically acceptable. You don’t have to take “no” for an answer — demand that your doctor stuff your stocking this year with a pair of Static State Stockings.
Here, they could easily pick off their enemy with little effort or personal exposure on their part.
Dawn - Life on the East Coast
Based on our choices, the program generated a set of menus and we would follow to eat in the coming two weeks.
* Don McManus as Dermot Shan
Hill is an instant number 2 and will complement Holmes as the deep threat. Two other receivers from GT have had success so far in the NFL, Demaryius Thomas and Calvin Johnson so he’s in good company. The one knock on Hill is that he only had 49 receptions in college but averaged 25 yards a catch last year. It’s all about the speed, something the Jets sorely lacked last season.
Somewhere over the rainbow there's a t-shirt slogan/bumper sticker that hasn't yet been written. I vow to you, on this day, that like Forrest Gump accidentally found the happy face t-shirt design by wiping his dirty face on someone's shirt while running across the country all hairy, I will find and write that slogan and they will shout it from the rooftops. Or, I'll just keep on keepin' on.
Pretend to poke your child in the back (do this very gently; the idea is not to be hurtful). Coach your child to turn, stand up tall, put his or her hands up in front of the body like a fence, palms out and open, and say "Stop!".
So, although I keep saying 'in the summer..' the first rewarding signs of growth and the first harvest of raddish are already upon us. Looking back, there is life all over the plot. Broad beans, peas, potatoes, onions, shallots and garlic are all growing well in the ground. I can't wait for Amy to see what the allotment will look like in the summer, it's going to be spectacular. I promise!
However, the balance of sounds – both rhyme and dissonance – in poetry is rarely limited to the ends of lines, andDress Rehearsal Ragdemonstrates this masterfully. In the second verse, in addition to the “pace/face” rhyme, there is a lead-in of “racing man”, the repetition of both the assonance and the sibilant helping again to bind the observation together, the silibant in particular lending an element of threat to the verse, and connecting it to the closing refrain. Connections like this appear throughout the text: child/wild resonates withtwilight on the next line in the third verse, and the fist/wrist pairing echoes again the final verse with written on your wrist; in the first verse shave/behave has an assonancial relationship with razorblade.
I find music really inspirational and when The Who and ‘My Generation’ started I found my pace quickening. I slowed a little for KT Tunstall’s ‘I Don’t Want You Now’ but then along came Elton. ‘Saturday Night’s for Fighting’ is one of my favourite running songs and as I looked at my Garmin I realised that if I kept up the pace I was running at I’d better my pace for my last 10k, the one I’d just done on a track! I was stoked that even in the wind and going up and down hill I could actually go faster than I had just going round and round. I went for it, finishing my last mile with a negative split and a smile. My fastest pace was 6:53.
Here are the Top 5 things I did:
3) Brenda gave me some dark sweatpants that someone in the deli volunteered after hearing my story and lent me her Mickey Mouse jean jacket.
Prepare cookie mix and spread into the bottom of a greased 9x13 pan.
Reginald purred. “It may yet come to that my dear boy,” he started to lick the sides of his body where blood had pooled and begun to dry. “When She sees the state we are in,” he paused,” don’t think you fooled me, young man, I know you’ve cut your paw,” he sniffed, “it would not at all surprise me if we don’t both end up dead.”
Paul did not have fear for he could well quote Psalm 118:6. “The Lord is on my side; I will not fear; what can man do unto me.” Do you share that kind faith? You can only be claiming Jesus Christ as your personal Saviour.
6. Link to the blog who posted the day before you and continue the crawl by linking to the blog that will follow you
Below you can see some screenshots of the mobile version.
Then for some reason I decided that I needed to make cake pops? I don’t know why. But at least I made them red(ish) and blue in honor of KU. They are similar to Starbucks Birthday Cake Pops, vanilla cake with cream cheese frosting and vanilla candy wafers on the outside. Yuuummmmmm.
So I have to rethink my plans – either to find events without a strict time limit (some let walkers start out sooner), or just stick with 5K’s and maybe 10K’s, or maybe be serious about running practice with the idea that I’ll get better. But I truly can’t imagine going from an 18 minute mile to a 13 minute mile. I was jogging almost the whole way yesterday!
There are some interesting facts about dreaming that you may not be aware of. These facts include:
The candidates must meet the following conditions:
7) Altstadt in Dusseldorf during Brazil/Croatia Game. First off the Altstadt is called the longest bar in the world because of the number of pubs. Secondly, the Alt beer of Dusseldorf was my favorite. Thirdly, the Croats and Brazillians marching around was quite entertaining.
Folded triangles are called prairie points. These are used as edgings for the neck and sleeves of garments. It is also used in patch work and quilts. These triangles can be made singly, but it is laborious.This problem can be solved by doing continuous band of triangles. It is also called Continuous prairie point or picket fence.
A chocolate brownie layer spiked with Guinness......topped with a Bailey's cheesecake layer......topped with a Jameson whisky spiked brownie layer. Oh yeah......you gotta try this! It's amazing how well these flavors all go together, and the hubby's only complaint was that I could have actually added even more booze! I think it's fine as is.......you definitely can taste it all.
People fear madness. It's too close and too real. It's almost as if we're scared it's contagious. And who knows, maybe it is. Whether or not that's true, with H in hospital, B's condition freaking out anyone who comes into contact with him, and constant arguments raging, our home has moved in the space of a week from being a cool place for people to come and hang out at all hours of day and night to a hollow shell filled with bad vibes and a tense and poisonous atmosphere.
Culture is not the only thing that companies have to worry about. Each country has its own labor and employment laws as well as mandated benefits. Sometimes they are very complicated. If there is a local Human Resources person in the country he/she will understand these local labor laws and mandated benefits. If there is no local HR person in a country you need to find a reputable local labor lawyer in that country that can advise you.
In this post we will look at the different types of development that the URA plans for and in particular we will focus on industrial developments as interest from investors has been increasing in this segment.
It has always been raining in Queensland. The irony of the Sunshine State, it always rains in Summer.
This past weekend our GS Ambassador Troop celebrated our final Troop Meeting with a special send off dinner at one of our fave local restaurants, Centro.
But for now, bear with me. I shall be back soon with some eyeshadow that Boots sent me to review, and some heartbreaking tales of dressmaking failure. Make-up and dresses. It's all going to go a bit bimbo over here.
Not all the ground is well-trod, either. Conquest is, for example, the only Méliès film I’ve seen with a subplot: in this case involving a group of suffragettes (played, without sympathy, by burly women) who demand to join the trip. Méliès also tinkers with his dramatic structure, allowing his lead aeronaut, Professor Crazyloft, to treat his guests, and us, to a demonstration of how the craft will fly, using a scale model. (In keeping with Méliès’ dubious commitment to physics, this demo justifies nothing we’ll see later on, but it does make certain scenes more logical.) He also films one of Conquest’s automobile sequences outdoors--rare for this director--though the car is repainted to match Méliès’ cartooned hyper-reality. There’s even a brief closeup, late in the film.
"Put it back, now."
Yeah. That's the stuff.
I made a few just for fun. I wrapped them up and told Jennifer, the bride, I made some new samples for her cookie wedding favors. My family and I are kinda nutty and we like to laugh and kid each other, but you knew that about me already didn't you?
“I am calm, I’m just confused.”
State: Full and slight dehydrated
I'm a HUGE YF fan - it's my number three favorite movie of all time- so I was really looking forward to this. I thought they did a great job overall - and I was really impressed with the way the three main actors : Victor, Elizabeth, the Monster - managed to make the parts their own. Of course all the iconic lines are still there - but just like Spamalot, I felt that the best parts weren't with the lines you already knew - but with the songs and the new material that the actors had to work with.
Thank God I bought those gritty sequined ballet flats and that gritty red houndstooth coat with three-quarter sleeves OH MY GOD THEY'RE GONNA LAUGH ME RIGHT OUT OF SEATTLE,
We would do well to gwon bach to the past, to remember, recover and restore the concepts of resourcefulness and reciprocity in our communities.
During our visit to North Carolina we visited waterfalls near Cherokee, North Carolina, at Deep Creek in the Smokies, in the Dupont State Forest in North Carolina. We also stopped by a couple more waterfalls on our way home.
Culturally, the manager will understand the players as well as being able to immediately express his philosophy and ideas to the side in their own language.
This is the first photo of my first little Granddaughter P. She looks so laid back in this scan photo with her knees bent and it looks like she has her hands behind her head too. She is still a happy, laid back little girl but is full of fun and is as bright as a button :-)
When my husband and I were dating, she was already at the point of telling the same stories, over and over, but still had a sparkle in her eyes. In recent years she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's, which progressed very quickly. We have never lived close enough to witness the decline.
He must become greater....I must become less. John 3:30
Yes, said Pinsky, as long as Brennan’s dates were correct.
Even though the winter has been very mild this year, that doesn't mean there are any blooms yet. There are a few hellebore buds, but they are not wildflowers. It was almost 70 today, so I enjoyed taking foliage and seed photos after work.
And it's not your mother, there's no guilt trip involved.
1 hayyei
4 tbsp castor sugar
5. Mix until you have a nice pliable ball of dough.
Now, this evening may go one of three ways. It all depends on external variables. But I’ll be leaving it all to chance. I wonder how it’ll turn out.
The best of East meets West, this design demonstrates the successful combination of minimalist principles seen in traditional Japanese design with the contemporary Australian lifestyle of a typical modern Australian family. The result is simple clean lines paired with warm earthy tones; rich wood finishes married to organic elements and cabinetry artfully arranged to create a balanced, harmoniousand functional kitchen highly sought after by the client.
So I’m still thinking about my Grandma which leads me to write about being a Grandma.
By 7:55 we were all in school dressed in whites and waiting for the 8am exam. 22 minutes to answer 100 multiple choice questions later I was out. To an extent I surprised myself with the knowledge that I had accrued over the series of lectures but not excessively hopeful of achieving the 60% pass mark. If you do not like wine there is a barrier to totally understanding it. Still, I had given it my best shot and went off to the Dining room for a cup of coffee finding other students who took less time than me already in residence.
I literally had to slap my left hand with my right hand because she kept putting these into my mouth.
I carry usually an Iphone or a small camera and just take snapshots of anything that speaks to me, especially colors. When traveling, my eyes are constantly roaming and scanning the scene.
The committee tells us that in accepting, as we do in some cases, the withdrawal of life-support treatment to allow a person to die, we are already practising euthanasia; therefore, legalizing euthanasia is just a small step forward. But these are false and misleading analogies in support of a false and misleading line of argument. It’s legalizing euthanasia through confusion. There is a radical difference between killing a person and allowing them to die of natural causes.
This post is LONG overdue but as I was going through old posts I realized I never showed you this completed project. If you don't remember what I'm talking about, you can catch up with part 1, part 2, and part 3 and read the progress.
It is a generational ship, a refugee ship, onboard are half a million beings, most the great-grandchildren of the original inhabitants. They are survivors of a devastating war 200,000 years ago on the other end of the galaxy. They have been looking for a home. Don’t worry, they have no interest in earth, they do not want to go to an inhabited planet, and they cannot breathe our atmosphere.
My Darling Clementine: Put Your Hair Back
Sunday night at Caerleon is Quiz Night. Helen Yendall and Christine Cherry set the quiz and ask the questions. They must devote a lot of time to this and always treat us to a good night. We split into teams of six. So why are there five of us here? That's because Simon Whaley took the photo. Our team's name was Whaley's Women and we came second.
- Chewing gum is illegal in Singapore.
First I put about a quarter cup of nutritional yeast in a bowl, then I added a few dashes of onion and garlic powder, and 2 pinches of turmeric powder. Then I added about 2 tablespoons of butter, and a small amount of milk (maybe a quarter cup, or a third?) Stir until mixture becomes creamy; small lumps are normal. I then started adding dashes of a peppercorn medley and paprika, but despite the sauce having plenty of flavor, it just wasn’t doing it for me. That’s when I decided to add in about a teaspoon of pesto. I then microwaved it 30 seconds, poured it over some spinach fusilli, and voila! I have an alfredo/cheesy type pasta dish.
To all you fashionistas out there – keep doing what you do! You may see me copy you from time to time, and I hope I can return the inspiration favor too :)
Queens has more miles of overhead power lines than any other borough, Con Ed officials said. There are no outdoor electrical wires in Manhattan.
The warm weather and longer daylight hours have rekindled my enthusiasm for bringing my camera back into my kitchen, so I'm going to try to be more consistent with posting on my little blog. There are lots of things waking up around here that I can't wait to share!
His famous front page scoop began with the line
Here’s a question close to my heart: when I wrote “Tangled Roots” and had half the book in the voice of a man, I was questioned about whether I thought that was difficult, or even possible. So now I ask you: did you think twice about writing in women’s voices? Do you have trouble doing that ever? I must say, I never thought you faltered when you took on the voice of a woman. I think “Where Did He Go, You Wonder?” is particularly successful, even though it is actually 3rd person, I suppose. I thought you completely got into the head of an older woman with that one. Were you aware of doing something “challenging” with that, or did it just come out like any other story comes out?
What am I trying to relay? I am a stronger person because, I have never had any reason to await anyone’s giving so that, I have it. If I want it, I work to have it. I own it. No one tells me how to use it or orders me around on it.
Millie Pulled a Pistol on Santa – De La Soul
I guess this just means I'll have to go back...you tell me if I'll have company or not.
1379 **D-IV/6(B)/2001. “Deuteronomy 4:5-6 and Its Implications for Natural Justice.” South Dakota Law Review Banquet Honoring Roger L. Wollman, Chief Judge, United States Court of Appeal, Eighth Circuit, Sioux Falls, South Dakota. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 751-57.)
STAR Air Façade Grant Application
This eight by fourteen inch tool carrier features 3 inside compartments with 45 pockets and tool holders. Innovative tool organization featuring upright storage and quick access as well as protection for your most commonly used tools.
8. Do you have any favourite word in the English language? Which one is it?
Have melted long and lost their hold.
But none of this squares with what Jesus told us about his kingdom. He didn’t tell us to aim for numbers or adoring crowds or cultural acceptance. He told us just to love him, love each other, and love the world by telling them about him.”
Online picture viewing one month after the wedding date
The Bible Activity Book provides activities to do with your Kindergartner (although Preschool-7 years would enjoy these). I purchased this book new for $10.75 and we just haven’t really made use of it. I think because they both wanted to do the sheet we just never really made use of it well….but we did try the first several lessons. However, there are still 100 pages left! There is coloring, matching, finding objects, practice following directions, which came first, dot-to-dot, mazes, etc. A good reinforcement for the hands on learner.
You know, I love seeing everyone's cards, but I will admit that as much as I like all of them, I do have my favorites! This card by Mary Giles, featuring a poor sick Ricky being looked after by doting little Maggie, has the most wonderful color scheme, and I love the way in which Maggie's ears are sticking out:
AC: Is there a difference between self-publishing on the Internet and self-publishing in print media?
the annual Teens’ Top Ten Books list and for Vermont’s Dorothy Canfield Fisher Award. Laura is a faculty member at Solstice, a low-residency MFA in Creative Writing Program at Pine Manor College, and she teaches writing and literature at Pacem Learning Community, a learning center for homeschoolers. You can visit
1 death
I hope everyone had a fantastical NEW YEARS EVE and has a fabulous upcoming NEW YEAR! George's AWESOME blogs will continue in a few days. I'm currently on vacation.
306) coffee and a catch up with a dear friend this afternoon
There is inherent risk in almost any sport.
9:30am-9:50am- BOOKED by Fany
That set me off again, unfortunately. “I don’t have…ann-n-ny money,” I choked out between heaving sobs. Despite everything else that had happened in my short life, I’d never felt so lost, alone, and scared as at that moment. The cashier, Tony according to his nameplate, was beside himself.
fast summer downpour
Please, please, please, if you have a communicable illness, try to remember that while you might think you’re just nipping out to pick up a few things you’re running low on, you could be contributing to grinding someone else’s life to an excruciating halt. Or worse, endangering lives. Wear a mask, wash your hands, use sanitizer, cough into your elbow, or stay home.
Here’s the hawk photo that I promised earlier.
Temp got up to 89 today, low should be around 70 tonight. Thought we were going to get a little rain, NOT! So we’re still going to be watering. We won’t water the garden tomorrow or Saturday, we’ll till between the rows Sunday and then water everything again.
"Have you got on the scale lately."
The other things they discovered during my exam is that I have excellent hearing for someone my age (which is a minor miracle considering how I've totally abused my ears with The Rock and Roll for many years) and that I have a "nodule" on my thyroid (probably nothing) that I'm having ultrasounded on Friday morning.
That last evening, we again chose a restaurant in Chelsea. This time we went for Spice, a Thai restaurant that had great reviews. We have a fantastic Thai restaurant in our hometown here in Tennessee, but we all agreed that Spice was much better. Again, we were able to sit at a table by the sidewalk, watching the city move. Totally worth it, and this was less expensive than Lasagna.
Not THEM.... How could they possibly know what you are actually feeling inside your own body -??
...anything to verify the onset of actual optimism. But these red flags will be difficult for him to spot if you don't tell anyone. Then come back next month for step four.
2. Want an extra entry? Follow me on Twitter and tweet about the competition with a link to this post. Leave a separate comment to let me know that you've done it!
Because of the higher maximum clock rate, DDR4 memories may permit a pin-count reduction for some SoC designs. How? At double the clock rate, SoC designs can get the same data bandwidth with 16 data bits clocked at 1600MHz (3.2 Gtransfers/sec) as DDR3 designs get with an 800MHz clock rate. However, there’s a design caveat or two. First, SPB (silicon, package, board) design for DDR4-3200 SDRAM is going to be considerably harder than for DDR3-1600 SDRAM. In addition, most memory experts predict that designs with multiple DDR4 DIMMs on each memory channel will not be able to work reliably (or at all) starting with data transfer rate considerably below the 3.2 Gtransfers/sec maximum. Similarly, DIMMs with multiple memory ranks on the board may also fail before the data transfer rate reaches 3.2 Gtransfers/sec.
After passing up those gummi bears for more than 100 days, but in a moment of profound weakness, I succumbed to the pressure of those colorful, little, morsels of joy! I asked the front office person whom the 5 lb bags are entrusted (to keep the jar filled) if she knew how many calories were in a gummi bear. She pulled open a drawer, lifted a plastic bag and read, “120 calories per serving, and each serving has 12 gummi bears.” My math skills being as sharp as they are, I chimed in quickly with, “that’s only 10 calories per bear!” She agreed.
On the next flight, I sit above the wing. The tarmac is still cloaked in snow. The plane moves beneath a crane, holding up a little yellow box with “GLOBAL AIR PLUS” written on it in black paint. There is a man inside. The crane sends the yellow box soaring over us, and the man inside sprays the plane with white foam. I wonder if he can listen to the radio while he waits for the planes to taxi. He just about fills up his little yellow box. It wobbles in the snow and the wind. He sprays the plane with green goo. The crane moves the little yellow box away from the plane. He waves us on. We are gaining speed. In a crash, I would squeeze the armrests for comfort. I would not shut my eyes. On my way to the little park, I would attempt to be graceful. I would think of you. I would remember how, when I set my foot on the moving sidewalk to be carried from long-term parking to check in, how I wanted to come back home to check, to make sure, I locked the door and said goodbye.
Analysts say India’s rural areas offer huge market potential but erecting infrastructure to support high-speed networks will be costly, making urban areas the immediate battlegrounds for customers.
Kiehl's uses the finest natural ingredients to assure the highest level of quality for all it's skin and hair care products. For decades, they have sourced proven and effective botanical extracts from all parts of the world and are committed to choosing ingredients that are selected for their true benefits to your skin and hair. They also utilize simple, efficient and recyclable packaging with each product to focus on quality and the earth.
I am forever asked why I am a renter and have not purchased a home after living in New York for over 40 years. The market in New York City is very different from anywhere else. There are over 2 million apartments for rent in the city with 65% rent regulated in some way. These regulations provide for below market rents and are a strong disincentive to move. The longer you remain in a regulated apartment, the greater the spread between your rent and the open market non-regulated places becomes - it is not uncommon for the difference to be 100% or more.
- Probably since I was 16 or 17? I just enjoy making music with my friends and seeing the world. With the internet and myspace/facebook it became really easy for everyone to be in a band so I think it actually made it a bit harder booking tours. There was just so many kids doing it, it became too easy. Before that you had websites like "book your own fucking life" or you just knew people through other people. You had to mail out demos and actually make phone calls to people. As social networking became more accessible it actually made things harder for bands.
I couldn’t wait to see if the design was going to work.
“Oh please, Mum, let me do it!” piped the intrepid youngster. “I NEVER get stuck in windows!”
diminuitive too, says the strength of her bones
There's no doubt at all France produces a stunning array of foodstuffs - and its cuisine has contributed more than it's fair share to the global melting pot of national gastronomies. But the next time a French person makes a snide comment at eating habits in your home country, remind them that 'la pepperoni et cheese' is fast becoming the French national dish.
Frankly, he sounds a little drunk most of the time. In a bad way. On rare occasion, he starts slipping into what I can only describe as a more on pitch version of Sid Vicious' version of "My Way". I was dumbstruck and still can't believe some of the favorable reviews. Cause I'm here to tell you it's crap. It wasn't all just suicide inducing. It slipped into varying degrees of boring, played out and just forgettable. There was nothing the least bit interesting about this project. Also, whoever did the orchestra arrangement needs a boot up the ass. They did this no favors at all….. my personal favorite moments were the strange island calypso/steel drum inspired moments. Again, WTF?
The teen girls are told by their male teacher that it is natural and beautiful for him to stand before them naked as a jay-bird as he teaches. He tells them he is sure their parents will understand that just because his genitalia is exposed to the girls means nothing. His penis is beautiful and to be seen and admired by his teen girl students.
Growth has been fast too in the number of retailers who trade through eBay. More than 180,000 businesses now do so, up from around 120,000 in 2009.
huhu…this is my preview…
Let me tell you a story:
The people don’t have a voice
time-slot. And so it was for Ronan back in 2009 when he was just 10.
Zombies, as you may have learned from William Seabrook’s writings or the movies, are Haitians who have died only to be raised from the grave and harnessed to plows which they pull forever after. Anyway, that’s the story.
I'd be happy to send you a copy of the complete manuscript, which comes in at a little over 85,000 words. Thank you for your time, and I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Here are a few pictures from my pinterest board of my favourites.
You also started rolling over this past month, too! You love tummy time, so you always look a little confused when you roll over from your tummy to your back, as if to say, "uhm, oops. I didn't mean to do that!" Then you kick your little leg up and roll onto your side and look around a while. You are so cute :) We have finally decided that we can stretch out our eating schedule a little! You now can go 4 hours between feedings during the day, and 5 to 6 hours at night! You have been going to bed around 9:00 and will nurse once during the night, then you wake around 8 or 8:30.
Bowe's is a decent, untouristy, unpretentious boozer that happens to take its beer a bit more seriously than most. We need dozens more like it in this town.
And what’s more grungy, rustic, and delicious than…
*Because I just love the first sentence, "I'm knitting a napkin of noodles, because I don't have any yarn." That is just too fun to say.
With that sad goodbye comes a few "hellos!"
We got our deserved equalizer when El Capitan noticed that the diminutive Russian was lurking in the area. An cheeky through ball followed. Heitenga tried to anticipate the ball but headed it towards Arshavin’s path. The finish was calm. Quite odd for a player that had not scored in 9 games. But as they say,”form is temporary, class is permanent”.
It might not have become my default response if I hadn't grown up with a parent who lost his cool when drinks spilled, or when I drew a few faint lines of pencil on his bedroom wall, or made a tidy mountain of Love's Baby Soft bath powder on my plastic vanity top, or failed to finish my hamburger at dinner. My life was a series of blistering God Dammits! And subsequent running from the belt.
But first, bio time!
There is no real reason kids today cannot be as free as kids a generation ago. That’s why, like the housewives of the ’50s, they need a liberation movement, too. Free-Range Kids is proud to sound the trumpets.
Moreover, both DDTC and BIS regulations define an export as including the disclosure (orally or visually) of technical information or software to a foreign person. Thus, a “deemed export” takes place when technology or software is released to foreign a person or national for visual inspection (such as reading technical specifications, plans, blueprints, etc.); when technology is exchanged orally with a foreign person or national; or when technology is made available by practice or application to a foreign person or nationals under the guidance of persons with knowledge of the technology. Depending on the nature of the technology and the country to which the technology is disclosed, releasing technology to a foreign person or national may require an export license (or in the case of ITAR possibly a Technical Assistance Agreement, depending on the individual circumstances).
on poor people because it’s something
I picked up what I needed at Albertsons, along with some special requests for my roommate, since he was paying. At the checkout counter I was ready for my total...and it was wrong. I quietly said to the girl behind the counter, "I'm sorry, but the price on the red bell pepper is wrong. It should be $1.98, not $2.49."
It was nice to see that Josh Brolin was comfortable enough to get through his monologue (mostly) by himself, despite not having much material. I got that he only said one word as Tommy Lee Jones because Tommy Lee isn’t a big talker, but it would have been nice to hear more of that impression, because based on the MIB3 trailer, he has his cadence down well. B-
The anytime present Air-conditioned Mushroom, Blaze Flower, and Brilliant all return, forth with NSMB's Mini-Mushroom and three new power-ups: the Ballista Mushroom, the Ice Flower, and the Penguin Suit. The Ballista Augment gives Mario the adeptness to jump absolute top and alight slowly. The Ice Annual is in actuality what you'd expect: it's the adverse of a Blaze Annual in that with it Mario throws ice assurance which benumb enemies into blocks of ice. Ice assurance can about be added advantageous than fireballs because abounding enemies that are impervious to fireballs can be frozen, afresh shattered; and ice blocks can be acclimated as platforms in the water. Finally, the Penguin Suit gives Mario Ice Annual abilities added bigger absorption on ice and bigger pond controls.
Imagine my intense disappointment when I read the reviews RIGHT before I went to make this dish and found out that a lot of people didn't like it! OH NO! I had already bought the ingredients and was LITERALLY standing in the kitchen. What to do? Well... fix it of course!
A4 Gamma Ray Blue
ok so you do know what we did with the middle east after the iran incendent. have not seen to much come out obout that over the years no worries they are better at keeping their mouth shut than other people we know. i can say yes we did actively work these cases and if they had let us continue we would not be in this boat. it suprises me as well olly seems to have able to main stream himself and not say a word about things. i am still to this day most impressed with him. anyway interesting reading, yes most lifer sgts do have a way with words and putting it on the table like it should be. most officers are over educated and a waste of good space on an aircraft.
We’ll have to see how that goes…
Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont was wildly celebrating last night after an epic fightback against the SNP in the Glasgow Council Elections.
1/4 Tsp Cream of Tartar
Have any of you ever run a marathon? The modern marathon is based on the exploits of a Greek soldier named Pheidippides who rapidly traversed over twenty-six miles from a town called Marathon to Athens to tell his superiors of a victorious battle in 490 B.C. As he completed his historic run, he stumbled forward, and managed to yell “Niki”, which in ancient Greek means “victory”, before collapsing and dying. I’m not sure, but I think he meant to say Nike. He ran the entire distance barefoot, but might have survived if he hadn’t forgotten his new pair of comfortable Nike running shoes.
I tried a couple of recipes from the book and everything turned out great. Below is an antipasti recipe by Carluccio (used with permission) which completely took me by surprise. The husband had been nagging me to make pickled onions and I ended up making something much more glamorous and tastier than that. These sweet and sour baby onions in balsamic vinegar is perfect as a starter at a party or a side dish to any meal. Try and have it the very same day its made and you will love it even more. I have reduced the quantities to suit the two of us and used small red onions instead of the white variety which is not readily available here.
Be sure to have a list of names of other alcoholics with you or call your best friend/family member/other friends who know you are a recovering alcoholic. Surrounding yourself with sober friends is important or friends ('normies') WHO are supportive in your recovery program. Please reach out...that phone is NOT as heavy as you think or want to believe. You can DO IT! IF I CAN...so can YOU!
Part I: Preparing to Leave Germany.
Since you don’t really need more than one chalkboard, I’ve been putting my “overstock” in the shop. Luckily, they sell just about as soon as I can get them in there.
The day is finally here! WEBSTER PAGES Girl Land is officially on sale and shipping starts this week! We can hardly wait to get this new collection out the door and into your hands.
JOE: Fortunately, I actually do that crazy destructive stuff at work so don’t necessarily carry it with me into the real world. I also am blessed to have a wife and kids who not only support this crazy habit but keep me very grounded in reality. I DO have a tendency to study how things work, how people move and act, processes, how vehicles move, what nature behaves like. The best training for a VFX life is to LIVE life, watch and understand, appreciate the beauty of the physical world around us. Take acting lessons, travel, learn a musical instrument, draw or write (even if you think you can’t, it’s practice practice practice and perseverance that pays off). I also watch a lot of the best of what other artists do, many of whom I’ve had the honor of working with or even supervising, and appreciating how much incredible talent they have that I can only dream of.
While waiting for China, we had many people warn us that our lives were going to change (as if we didn't know that!?) and they'd say it with a snicker, as if we'd signed up for this blindly... our lives have changed! Absolutely. Honestly, I worried about it a bit, because I loved life with Brad (and Scampy), but I'll tell you what... watching Jacob wrap his arms around Brad's neck and give his daddy kisses and watching him as he learns little life lessons (like being gentle with the dog) is worth the lack of sleep and moments of learning (and less movie and computer time)! Becoming parents has been a wonderful experience!
When looking for a health care provider, it is extremely important to know about physician credentialing. Having a physician with the proper training and licensing is vital to good medical care, and no medical practitioner should practice without the appropriate licensing.
Phew! Are you still here? If so, to sum up, I think everyone needs a first novel. Whether it's successful or not. Because regardless of what stage you are in with the writing game, you're going to have to face all of the emotional ups and downs that come with being brave enough to call yourself a writer.
This TV reader who four years ago admitted he felt tingling up his leg when the Great One spoke is still stirred to orgasmic fervor by the man – so much so that a profound lust seems the only explanation – unless Matthews is just a deranged, senile old liberal, but how could that be?
this young man is no quitter.
Meanwhile, the recent Facebook posting on a Malay girl being ‘kidnapped’ in Tampines turns out to be a hoax. The police said no police report was lodged with regard to this case, and they will not hesitate to take action against those who knowingly spread false information.
This coffee porter was recommended by our main man Larry at the Specs in Northwest Houston. A very interesting beer as one would think the beers from Hawaii would be lighter beers, like the ones in Mexico. Pours smooth. It has a strong coffee smell, kind of like a bitter coffee bean smell. It's deep dark opaque brown, with a strong tan head. The first draught, WOW!! It has a monster bitter coffee bean flavor. This one would be good for tastings, as it could throw the swill drinkers for a loop. I'm not getting the backbone I was hoping for, basically a medium body. It's lowly hopped, and kind of is a basic say porter with coffee in it. 3 Star.
Ron Perlman is also in the movie and although he’s not given the most prominent role, this is one of the better performances I’ve seen from him in recent years. He actually gives off a fairly menacing vibe, and I probably wouldn’t want to sit next to him on a bus. He’s rather vulgar.
I'll still be around sharing things regularly and sponsoring various challenges every month.
BENT is gone, which is no surprise considering how NBC burned off the show then set its ashes on fire.
Now, you can see the typical clichés: the easy-going Dutchman and the haughty Parisian (can be extended to all francophones, according to where you stand). But it so happens that I started dancing tango in Paris. Not taking lessons, I had done that for several months before that, but Paris is where I got really hooked, where I started attending milongas every night, or almost, where I became addicted to tango. I was a total beginner back then, so I didn´t get to dance with many hot shots of course, but I danced with intermediate to fairly good leaders, and danced enough to be able to improve quickly (and often more than my feet could take). Ok, I didn´t go to the Latina. But I went to other very nice places and I thouroughly enjoyed my tango début in Paris; I liked Paris, and I felt that the liking was mutual.
Emma Dean Allred (1902-1992), wife of Eli Howard.
I climbed up to the pool deck to assess the damage. And there, right in the middle of the pool, was a fairly large poop. And it wasn't a floater, because that would be too easy. No, it was a sinker and it was sitting at the bottom of the pool, mocking me. My brother was there, laughing at me and disgusted with me, simultaneously. I asked him where Kerry (the owner of the pool) was and what the "plan" was. Do pool owners have special equipment for such things? No, they don't. The plan was to use a pail and the pool cleaner net thingy to dive down to the bottom of the pool and scoop out the poop. So, Kerry and I put on some kid goggles, each got a pail and net thingy, and took turns diving for poop. Ya...that really happened.
He saw the dark grassland. He saw the baobab tree in the corner, standing tall like some genie from the Arabian nights. Suddenly he saw something moving to his right. He was stunned in fear and shock the very next second.
I realised long ago that parenthood ain't easy but these few days have just been super challenging. I think it doesn't matter if you have 3 kids or 13, parenting is one tough job. Well, hubby and I have 16 more years to perfect this skill with Alden. One day, I'm sure we'll get it right.
They all look so proud.
In my world inflation exists and the value of the dollar is decreasing.
Greek Cheese Cake with Crushed Mixed
1 empty
A 3000 page document of evidence from South Africa was submitted. I would like to challenge the likes of Neels Jackson to go and read that document before swinging wild allegations around about an “evil system”.
She Do the Taboo by Jason Eklund
Finally, proof that even the iron age residents were concerned about what their hair looked like in wall paintings.
Seemed out of place
5) The game is over when time is up, or when one person gets all the cards.
Nup. There isn’t a lot to be found in the way of historical information on the net so I will have to give you all the straight guff from my own collection of books and such as well as a lifetime of experience.
So that's it for Lesson 9! Get out the paper, scissors and glue and have fun! Journal writings are included below. As always, do them alone or do them together, but keep writing!
Young Murphy uttered the latter part of his not too enthusiastic comment in half apology for even seeming to dispute Dr. Moore. He was a hard-headed young fellow, but, as with most Irish people, as lovable as could be found. It was only because he was a good scientist that he was skeptical. Early in his career he had learned that skepticism was not a vice -- more of a virtue, ofttimes preventing false conclusions based on insufficient evidence.
“Here. Let me read it to you.”
So far I have met a charming man from NYC who just didn't get the hint that I won't relocate, and when I asked him if he was willing to move here, he sorta just fell quiet and then proceeded to tell me he figured he could persuade me to move. Sorry but no, I just moved here a year ago out of suburbia and I am finally happy with my surroundings, so why go move back to the big bad city and be miserable all over again?
Chain Drug Stores
- If the camera enforcement is not about money, shouldn’t the penalty be community service, etc.?
Thank you, Gayle, for being the first interviewee here.
3. Brodus Clay pinned Dolph Ziggler with a splash 6/10
Now the fuzzy stare from not being there on a confusing morning week
Even as I read “The Race for Theory”, I wondered what Christian’s motives were. She did not speak of herself as a (presumably) heterosexual, although I recognize her class from her alignment with Third World feminism (Christian 2129). Christian only addressed her perceived differences, which seem to be in relation to white, First World men. Sexuality is a non-issue for her, as a heterosexual and a possible heterosexist (never mind her cissexist assumptions). She condemns those who believe that their identities are apolitical or neutral and yet she fails entirely to address the gay rights movement that was concurrent with the Black Arts Movement. Although her anti-theory translates nicely from race and gender to sexuality, she fails to take it there. Her anti-theory seems to bind together those who are not white, not male, not First World, by their differences, which is contrary to what it has set out to do. In not recognizing the commonality of her heterosexuality, Christian risks ignoring an inextricable aspect of her identity because of prejudices she herself condemns.
Row 20: Purl
Attempts to find a time to meet in order to finalize the plans were thwarted by the syndic's lack of availability in December.
Hitler was just tapping into a persistent Xenophobia, not making up something new.
This has to be the most useless list I have ever made. A list of household chores, no one even cast a glance over it and I still struggle to do everything myself.
Yes, I thought, looking at the vulture, my Restaurant is all that – thank you! The vulture is not the only coincidence to befall me in writing Talina in the Tower. The villains in the book are strange wolf-like creatures who seem to be French, seem to be magical and seem to have mysterious rights over the city of Venice. I coined the name Ravageurs for them because they ravage everything they come across and feel themselves entitled. Checking the name on the internet, I found that it was the name given to a small French parasite that preys on vines. That seemed entirely suitable. But more recently I discovered on the internet a perfume called Musc Ravageur, by Editions Parfums Frederic Malle. Poste-haste went I to Liberty’s to smell its tangy, vivid aroma, redolent of amber, lavender, bergamot, clove, cinnamon, Gaiac wood, cedar, sandalwood, tonka and musk. (My Ravageurs smell of raw rotten meat, unfortunately.)
The vast majority of people (70 or 80%) who visit the Grand Canyon, visit only the more accessible South Rim, and spend less than half a day there. We were in the minority. We spent 3 full days in the Grand Canyon, two of which were at the much less visited North Rim.
Took a cab back to hotel and packed my newly bought purchases n off to airport.
I’ve since learned that I will never be perfect. I will never have “straight As.” Not on my report card, and not in life.
Let’s get straight here. Here is the fractal. The sole purpose institutions is to get bigger and to accrue more financial resources in its direct control. The sole purpose of its subsidiary departments and divisions is to do the same. To imagine any other purpose is to be recklessly naive. Institutions do not exist to serve any external purpose. They exist to look after their own interests. The same is true for their parts.
Until tomorrow....
Despite being legally justified, according to friends, Zimmerman is remorseful about killing Trayvon.
Blastomycosis is a serious disease, and its appearance in Michigan, near Lake City, is not good news.
Consider your venue set up and seating arrangements as well before deciding less is better.
A few juicy snippets from the accounts of Res Publica, the ‘think tank’ set up by the portly protagonist, Phillip Blond, in the glory days of the Tory election campaign. Blond, you may recall was doling out large dollops of economic and social advice to David Cameron – big society, locality, family, moral economy, virtuous elites, common popular customs.
Whether you run out the door the second you dismiss your kids on the last day before a vacation or you stay and get yourself organized for after the break, you most likely pack yourself a nice, big, Vacation Teacher Bag. You fool yourself into thinking that while you are resting, relaxing and cocktailing, you will also find a few moments to catch up on your correcting, plan that next unit or create a bevy of inspirational math centers. You know, because you can do it from your porch, in your pjs, late at night, early in the morning, from a sidewalk cafe...we teachers are pros at telling ourselves that we can DO IT ALL even though what we should probably be doing is catching up on sleep, crossing our fingers that we don't catch the spring round of flu, going out to eat and watching late night TV.
I started out blogging my adventure on the 4 Hour Body program in Jan. 2011. After a year on 4HB, I felt better and looked better . . . but wanted to take it further. I started Mark Sisson's Primal Blueprint program in Jan. 2012.
The six FpU members, including the chairman of the Stavanger branch of the political organization and a city councillor from the FrP, admit that they weren’t given the green light to participate in this year’s parade. Even so they decided to join the procession a few hundred meters behind the front of the parade in Løkkeveien (Løkke street)
I ‘m feeling okay, I went to the doctors Monday and I have good ole Bronchitis, so I’m on some meds to hopefully clear things up and get better, we leave for Cabo, Mexico on the 26th, our anniversary and I want to be better so I’m taking care of myself. The doctor said to rest, yeah right!
Cylinder takes what would normally be a predictable setup, throws a twist into it, then takes what would normally be a sloppy execution, and crafts a set of sequences that keep us engaged the entire time. I can’t stress how often these kinds of scripts devolve into a repetitive sloppy narrative. But Romero has carefully plotted out each sequence so that the chaos has form, so that there’s a method to the madness. The result is a confident story that always knows where it’s going.
Bring a small pot of water to a boil, and add the beets. Cook until a fork can easily pierce the beets. Remove from the water and let cool. Use a spoon to remove the skin (we sliced ours in half first for the photo). Chop into bite sized pieces. In a bowl, combine dill, carrot tops, onion, garlic and yogurt. Add the beets and stir to coat the beets with dressing. Chill for 30 minutes to let the flavors combine. Salt and pepper to taste.
So Mr. Riordan actually has a new book out today! The Serpent’s Shadow is another in his Kane Chronicles and I’m happily going to pick it up at the bookstore!
“That’s all down to the narrator, I think,” says McKinty. “If you can get a good narrator, you’re in like Flynn. I’ve been fortunate with Gerard Doyle, who is incredibly popular and much sought after. I’m pretty sure if I’d done a Le Carré or a Douglas Adams and narrated the books myself, it would have been a complete disaster.”
Group: 1d6 highest goes first.
Sometimes they noticed a problem, and ended up adding a layer of insulation to a kitchen pipe during a cold spell, or closing a window in advance of a threatening storm.
Of course, from what I can tell she started with a junior petite version. I should be so lucky…
“I know I shouldn’t be saying this, but I kind of want her to get voted off so I can sign her,” Akon said. “She’s beyond the talent that’s supposed to be there. I think she’s overqualified, I really do.”
take my hand
Room by Emma Donoghue
Shirt: GAP
Today, I'm coming to you with some ideas, tricks and troubleshooting techniques for avoiding and removing thread knots. Because, let's be honest, there's nothing quite as irritating as getting a knot in the middle of your thread length while binding a quilt, applying an applique, embroidering, etc. So here are some tricks to avoiding and eliminating those pesky knots!
In Flanders fields the poppies blow
An acquaintance of mine recently asked if I intended to make my blog all about women’s issues. I said no, but then I realized that the next couple of posts that I was working on were all about political lady business of some stripe or another. This bugs me a little, because I want this to more all-encompassing of a whole host of issues, and I assure you, I will get there. But it is a campaign year, and chick stuff has taken center stage. So, my deep thoughts on the genius of Joy Division are just going to have to wait a while, along with my wish for the Stone Roses reunion tour to make its way stateside.
Every year late in the spring family and friends are sharing their summer destinations. I LOVE nature, I miss the Blue Ridge mountains, Great Falls, Sky Meadow, The Great Gully adjacent grandpas farm, sailing on the Finger Lakes in upstate NY, trips to The Outer Banks with my Aunt, hiking to Bridal Veil Falls with my mother. It's such a joy to see all the our Father in Heaven created for us to see. I'm blessed to have lived a life so full to have been able to witness all these.
COURT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA is a bankrupt corporation and
*first pay first serve basis
Do you prefer listening to music when you write? Do you have a Script Frenzy playlist? If so, blog about it and post the link in the comments. If you listen to a particular album, let me know – I’m always on the lookout for new music, and I’d love to hear what inspires you.
See full article at EW – Inside Movies »
Do you think an element of humour is an important consideration when writing horror?
Each
Agents can't be like long lost cousins of lottery winners coming out of the woodwork suddenly when there's money to be had.
The WINNER will be chosen via Random.org and announced on Friday March 2, 2012.
Rush and stomp eating useless fruits.
Many times people with intellectual and developmental disabilities are not included in basic conversations about their own spiritual life. It is up to us to educate others as well as minister with those we support.
So. Not. Fair.
Of course, ladies appreciate considerate dance partners. I think I am speaking not only for myself, when I say that we also value gentlemen who respect the initimacy of the tango embrace by making an effort to present themselves well for the occasion.
GINGRICH: You want to try again? I mean –
I have been beavering away and have come up with quite a few Christmas images and a few Halloween.
2-3 pounds of whatever veggies you like (2-3 pounds uncooked if you're going to roast them for this recipe, or about 3-4 cups of already cooked leftover veggies/beans/etc)
Merry Christmas, ya’ll!
Next up I have a five-page fantasy comic that needs to be drawn and a TV script to polish for the second round of the prestigious (so they tell me) Red Planet Prize. No rest for the wicked. Or freelancers.
In June I will be doing the relay for life with friends and family I look forward to it... I walk in Honor of my niece and in Memory of my mother in-law and grand mother in-law...
The three-vehicle convoy crested a rise to find a half-circle of vehicles blocking the road and the ditches on either side. Tanner’s wheel man attempted an evasive maneuver but more vehicles topped the two small hills on either side of the caravan. The only exit was at the convoy’s six o’clock. The larger trucks simply could not execute the tricky maneuver to escape. They were trapped unless they attempted to drive straight ahead at the two Deuce-and-a-half’s parked in a V shape.
Indeed, the most commercially successful novelists have branded themselves by hewing to the boundaries of various genres. Writers have made millions following the rules of creating stories that fit into preordained slots. Sometimes they have invented new slots such as “the woman in jeopardy,” a genre pioneered by Mary Higgins Clark, or “the good lawyer,” a genre practically invented by John Grisham or the “strong woman family dynasty,” genre stumbled upon by Barbara Bradford Taylor. Or the wildly successful Christian based series Left Behind. Cheers and congratulations to them. They have found the secret of a successful and sustained novel writing career.
Other stuff as per the label; Produced to full ACO organic standards. No artificial fertilisers, chemically synthesised weedicides, pesticides, fungicides, fumigants, growth promotants etc. A sound regenerative organic farming system is used. Cows requiring treatment receive vitamins, herbs, and homeopathic treatments.
That’s a good thing.
The man only escaped from her apartment when she fell asleep.
I saw this video series on YouTube which crystallizes these notions precisely.
Malaysia’s Barisan Nasional government has caused massive human rights abuses and corruption via the 2 classes of citizenship which amount to APARTHEID. The Bumiputra with Special Privileges vs non-Bumiputra dual system of citizenships are an abuse that the UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon, as well as the Human Rights Council (which should boot Malaysia out of the council for allowing) need to address post haste, including the denial of rights to apostasy for Muslim citizens of all races. Meanwhile advanced psychiatric technologies and drugs are also being used to suppress peaceful activists in Malaysia as well, effectively destroying the lives of would be politicians ready tp bring Malaysia to the first world. Will the UN and the UN’s major patron nations in the first world, backed by supposedly freedom propagating NATO ensure that the rights of all abused persons, are corrected with justice and reparations made to the citizens and activists living in Malaysia?
It’s amazing how quickly one can fall out of the regular routine, and how hard it is to get back into the swing of things again. Okay, just a few more days and I should have it . . . until the weekend of the 18th when it’s four days of training again, then a show the following weekend. Um. . . May might just be a bit crowded.
So, step one: I sanded.. Most often if a piece is in good condition without chipping paint, I will prime right away without sanding. In this case, there were several chunks of paint missing that would have left little pot holes. Also, I was curious to see what kind of wood was hiding underneath there in the event that I decided to stain instead. I used an electric sander on all flat surfaces without any details (the top, and drawer fronts). I used very fine sand paper and hand sanded all other areas that were rounded at all. I completely avoided the hand carved detailing. If sanding is necessary on ornate details, you can use steel wool.
3. Texts that make me smile.
I'm planning a small fiesta with some drinks and appetizers in celebration of Cinco de Mayo so I'll be sure to post some pictures next week to show you how it came out.
Ask a friend to help, or do a swap. You clean her living room if she’ll clean your kitchen.
It’s happened again. Some publisher has decided that the best way to promote a game about guns is to have a woman show off her boobs whilst holding some said guns.
and you felt the old tug
No – I have no regrets – I warmly welcome “Palace Exchange” and it’s many visitors.
Only trouble is, I can't recall what I came outside for in the first place? :)
1 forgot
Good morning my friend.(We're not even Facebook friends, get on with it.)
My best friend Lucie has started knitting dishcloths also, why Tricia and herself think I am to blame for roping them into the addiction that is dishcloths I've no idea rofl, when she shows some of hers I'll let you know and she's already done some wonderful ones.
I feel men really need to work at truly understanding how women communicate through their body language and by using nonverbal cues and/or hints to be successful in getting women and engaging them. But often when men have their eyes on a prize they don’t stop going after it until it’s either obtained or until it’s solidly not available to him (through directly being told she has no interest). Some men don’t even pursue the prize (although it’s there for the taking) b/c they cannot read a woman’s interest.
Austin: Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Suzanne’s vanish like ghosts. It will be bedtime before I see them again.
you then overlap that onto the next sheet in the layout.
Last year, I lost 4 very special people in my family and they will be missed, remembered and cherished - especially my Nani (grandmom) - who I miss terribly! Though the year ended on a high note with my brother tying the knot with his long term girlfriend... and my son and I had a month full of fun. I know all the 4 people who aren't alongside us today would have blessed the couple and wouldn't have wanted the celebration to be postponed.
The disciples never expected the resurrection. The unanimous testimony of all four Gospels is that the terrible death of Jesus on the cross entirely dashed all their hopes about Jesus and about his message. He was dead, and that was the end of it. They looked for nothing more, and they expected nothing more.
Introduced by Roy Acuff in 1948, Dickens-- always decked in his rhinestone-studded suits-- has entertained Opry audiences with a succession of hits such as “A-Sleeping at the Foot of the Bed,” “Out Behind The Barn,” “Take an Old Cold Tater And Wait” (the song that prompted Hank Williams to dub him “Tater”), “May The Bird of Paradise Fly up Your Nose,” “Country Boy,” and “The Violet and the Rose” as well as his trademark comedic timing. The legendary entertainer shares a kinship with the entire Opry family and the country music community, including Adkins, whom he invited to join the Opry from atop a kitchen ladder on the Opry stage in 2003; Jones, with whom he has shared stages for 50 years; and Paisley, who has invited him to appear in a number of award-winning music videos.
After that, I went to Danielle's dorm and got to see her for the first time since January!!! It was so great to catch up with her!
US publisher Dark Horse has commissioned British creative duo Peter Hogan and Steve Parkhouse to bring their epic Dark Horse Presents tale of an alien hero named Harry to a fully fledged series! beginning with Resident Alien #0 in April.
A security system is improved around a canonical pattern idea and this conception uses a acerose galvanizing racecourse. This journeying is improved into an substance way and erst the circuit is cracked the signaling system is triggered. There are two types of circuits that are utilized and these are squinting journeying systems and exterior racecourse systems. Closed circuits are normally seen as the amend choice.
Part 3 Students then take their own picture and insert it into GeoGebra. They can then measure, and check how closely the ratios in their own faces match the Golden Ratio. Students who are not comfortable using their own pictures can choose other celebrities from the internet. (I didn’t teach Cameron Diaz, but her face is much more likely to be beautiful using this test than my own…)
She told me once again she wanted her deposit back, very adamantly told me she’d get it and to make no mistake about that. I told her I’d incurred at least $15K in expenses to date from the time of their offer, that their offer had been contingent on them getting financing, which they had. She came back with her bank not being willing to give them the extra $23K for the taxes triggered because they couldn’t secure normal financing and I told her that was not my problem, nor had it been covered in the offer.
The Roots' drummer and producer, Ahmir "?uestlove" Thompson, spoke on NPR's Bryant Park Project this morning to discuss the band's upcoming record, and its song "Singing Man," created in response to the Virginia Tech shooting. The Roots were scheduled to perform at the college the day after the massacre, and the show was canceled.
Because of their need for alone time with Tanqueray and Martini & Rossi we were left to our own devices a lot.
weights in the Chinese film industry. Gong Li was in fact
First up...Poetry Coffeehouse. This was a HUGE success. The pictures do not do it justice. We had a "fire" going on in the background, student artwork hanging up, and some pretty amazing poets!
Me: Wouldn't that be cool? If you had a hinge on your balls? You could move them like this.
For if you were truly sorry
What genre or genres do you write?
The Irish Independent reports on the sale today and says that it was worth €12m at the height of the boom, and today’s asking price represents a 76% discount.
Thankfully it is much better this morning and I can actually turn my head and breathe without pain.... AH... nothing like health!
Cosmic Light Shapes were less psych than I thought, but still somewhat lush and droney. I was already very tired by the time they took the stage, but still enjoyed their set. Haze, smoke, whisky, school night. Getting old sucks.
By the beginning of July, we finally started to feel like we were settling into our new home. We had our first visitors at our new home (Jeff's parents traveled to visit us over 4th of July!) The boxes were unpacked, we finally knew where the good grocery store was in town and Jeff was starting to feel comfortable in his new responsibilities at work. Then on July 7th we received a call from Jeff's parents that Jeff's brother, Sam, had collapsed at a Bible study. We would find out soon after that Sam had passed away later at the hospital in Cambridge, England. Sam was a loving husband to Jen, an amazing son to Bruce and Carol, and a brother, and best friend to Jeff. He also defended our country as a Captain in the United States Air Force serving as a F-15 fighter pilot in England. Needless to say, it was a shock and unexplainable loss. Within 24 hours of finding out, Jeff and I, as well as Jeff's parents, had boarded planes and were on our way to England.
Attorney Chamber
react_toy: doesn't know drop it and will try to play keep away. Besides for that fine. Can take toy. She isn't allowed to have toys a lot since she destroys them. No one plays with her. We had 3 toys and she was interested (almost obsessed) with all of them. She would trade for a treat and once a bit calm/focused would give it to you, but wanted it back right away (in a playful manner)
Please don't write me off as a raving lunatic. Not just yet, anyway. I know... I know... the only time you've ever eaten beets was when Granny forced them down you ~ and the only good thing to come of that experience was how they turned your taters pink.
now flank the patio and front entrance of the building. The rustic
May you build a ladder to the stars
I don’t think so either.
Four or five years ago, I used to draw or paint ACEOs, ATCs, tiny pictures, whatever you want to call them, to sell on Ebay. I haven't drawn or painted any in quite a while. Today I decided to illustrate my Santa from the above mentioned post, along with Amy sleeping under the Christmas tree.
Aspie talent 6.8 Above average
This being my first marathon, every long run I did (beyond 13 miles) was the longest I had ever run. I did an ice bath after every single one and I was never sore, not once. Prior to marathon training, I only ever felt like I needed to ice my joints. But marathon runs were fatiguing my hips, my calves, my quads / hamstrings, AND all my joints. Not to mention… my feet were KILLING me after long runs. At one point I was actually a little concerned about getting a stress fracture, but that’s a story for another day. Anyways, I digress. Ice baths were the perfect solution to icing down my entire lower half, and allowing me to train for the entire marathon with no soreness. In fact, I took an ice bath after the marathon and I was only moderately sore for one day after. I woke up on Monday morning with nothing… a miracle!
Phew, what an ordeal.
Not a dangerous running injury as such but can be painful so a bit of prep before your run is well worthwhile.
* It also contains high amounts of vitamin K and omega-3 fatty acids
Blood of the Beasts – 2
Sybil Barnabas exhibited some of the following behaviors:
Or if it hurts too much then I will walk. Then book an appointment with the doctor I think…. stupid Oversupination.
3. The colors are ugly and distracting.
I wish I could say I formed a plan as I ran, but I didn’t. When I was shredded down to mere survival, my mind started thinking like this:
It is possible that teatime might solve everything. All our problems gone in one fell swoop, if only we stopped for tea.
35 James Ferraro - The Secret World of Condo Pets
a country I would love to visit some day...
Mr Waters offered me Enid Blyton's autograph and I said the 50s equivalent of "yah-hah!" but added "how can you get it?" "Very easily," he said, not looking a bit like Wedge Antilles with a hearing aid, "She's my wife."
I wondered why Darkman hadn't shown this later set of lyrics to Peter Hook when it came time for him to remake the song, so that he could use them. So I asked Darkman about it. He told me that he didn't think they fit with the old rehearsal demos, in his opinion. I guess he preferred the old-school set, which is apparently the very first set of lyrics to the song.
6. Remove covers and squeeze out excess water. Roll in a dry fluffy towel. Lay flat to dry.
To obtain high-resolution images of the stamps for news media use only, email mark.r.saunders@usps.gov
Our green cleaning products are an important part of our company’s culture, and many other companies as well. But how do you go green in your everyday life? I know that I often struggle with this very question myself, so I decided to do some research and came up with some very simple solutions.
In the perfect world, we would only hire those with a positive and optimistic attitude. We attempt to avoid recruiting those with a negative mindset who don’t have a strong belief in self and who are not achievement oriented. In reality, we encounter individuals all along the spectrum.
finally, I'm working on a Molar cake this week and inspiration plus my cursory graphic design skills led me to create the inscription in toothpaste and floss(but hopefully tastier)!
"And I will dwell in the midst of the Children of Israel." The Holy Temple is the necessary tool for the coronation of the Creator as King of the World. A king is not a king without a nation, a land, a capital and a royal palace. The nations of the world coronate kings of flesh and blood, enslave themselves to humans and build them glorious palaces. But the King of Israel is not a mere human. Israel testifies to the Kingdom of G-d. The Holy Temple in Jerusalem is His royal palace.
Of course Sam would know about jungle worms…
Over recent weeks I have found myself in a very difficult position battling with authorities who I know are wrong (and will be proved so in court)but currently wield the power.
I realized I had plenty of material and a subject matter that I loved. I started writing furiously. I wrote while I fed my baby. I wrote while my two-year-old and four-year-old napped. I bugged the crap out of all my book whore friends-- because avid readers make great betas. I asked for feedback from anyone who was willing to give it. I joined my local Writer's Association and started going to group meetings to get feedback from people who weren't my mother.
19. You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You’re making the other women look really bad.
I usually make a thin spaghetti to go along with the chicken, but the boyfriend is pasta-challenged. He can’t twirl, and no matter how many tutorials I give him, watching him eat long pasta is painful. My Sicilian grandfather would not be impressed. Because I wanted to enjoy my meal without cringing, I chose to make a whole wheat penne. I’m a big fan of whole wheat pastas; they taste the same to me, and I enjoy the extra health benefit.
This compares to the following SNP first preference vote in 2007, which saw a councillor apiece elected in every ward (and two in Baillieston)...
I am so psyched! I received an email from the organizer, Rain, as well as an invite to their Yahoo Group to get started. The next pot luck is July 26th. I hope there is a good turnout. Rain said there are about 25 people registered with the group, but they only tend to have 10 or so show up each pot luck. Either way, I'm so glad to meet other people here who are following raw food and can work with me, maybe, to get some more restaurant choices on menus!
“The closest house is two miles away,” he says, turning in. Weeds grow throughout the gravel drive, which is littered with potholes fi lled with tawny water. He comes to a stop and turns the truck off.
One thing that we talk about frequently is the boy's discovery that most people have more than one eye. We were teaching him body parts, pointing to nose, mouth, ears, and eyes. We'd point to the feature, say the name, do it again, ask him to repeat us--you know the drill. At one point, after we'd done this several times in as many days, my sweet child was showing his new awareness to his father. "Daddee, eye." He pointed to his dad's eyeball, bringing the stubby finger close but not poking him (sometimes that happened). Then all of a sudden, the kid looked in amazement at my husband's entire face, and apparently it was the first holistic study he'd done. He said, with awe and amazement, "Daddee, two eyes!"
New Year's eve is the time of year I like best. Not so commercial as Christmas yet just as full of indulgence and merriment. How wonderful it is that no matter how good, bad or indifferent your year has been this is the eve that allows you to take stock and move onwards, upwards or sideways. On this night of all nights the world is once more your oyster as with the an arbitrary click of the celestial wheel we shunt into another 365 day cycle. Had a bad year? Shrug it off with a grin and wink, down that champers and welcome on in 2011, hello you beautiful blank slate you, let's make plans. Your year was brimming with delight? Well then shout hurrah and so long you beauty, may the next 12 months be just as bountiful. Any which way you choose New Year's eve is a gift waiting to be unwrapped.
What is stopping your organization from creating the kind of work environment where you are in control of your time? What is stopping your organization from allowing you to use the tools and the gear that you know work best for you?
Into the storm
Here's the basic plan the gals and I intend to follow after you draw your gun:
Child Grooming should be a Felony charge, accompanied with any charge of child sexual abuse including rape, sodomy, molestation, incest or other sexual misconduct.
I was not happy with how the Google Doc was working. This option goes right to our own Sugar & Spice database.
Then there’s Mummy’s Boy. That whole situation had bad idea written all over it. And the deal was sealed when he wanted me to stay the night. Dude. I don’t do staying the night. Sleeping is more intimate to me than what we actually just did; I am not staying the night. So he wrapped his arms and legs around me (did I mention he was about 6’6???) and I was trapped by what felt like a boa constrictor that had 5 heads. Obviously once I wriggled my way out of that I took on the mentality of a short distance Olympic runner, with my car being the finish line.
“So be it. Kill him.”
That said, we are to now start replacing our old, bad habits with new, good ones. We aren’t simply to accept that at times we’ll fall still fall to sin, instead we’re to ask Christ to give us strength to overcome, and to start doing something else, that’s actually productive, instead. i.e. Instead of gambling, maybe we should read a book on money management. Instead of getting drunk, maybe we could attend a prayer meeting. For every temptation we have, Christ is more than able to help us overcome. As I said before, our old habits will still try to worm their way in, and we may at times still draw away from Christ, and fall to them. But while we’re strong, and close to Christ, we should try to draw even closer, and get still stronger in the Lord.
Saturday March 3rd - Green Flash Barleywine
Welcome to the real world, George.
My amazing and inspiring siblings
Something luminous?
I just found out
“For others,” she continued. “It’s a terrifying maze, full of false paths and enemies and… wisdom.”
The first persistent behavior that I can recall with my son was his severe temper tantrums around age two. He would kick, scream, bite, and throw any object he could grab. The longest tantrum I can remember was over two hours long. Fred never wanted to be held or hugged and was not attached to me as a typical two year old would be. He also had this stuffed rabbit that he would pick the fur off of until the rabbit was bald. Then he would rub the fur on his nose. He went through at least four rabbits before he turned to biting his clothes and other individuals. I stopped going out to dinner, meeting with friends or even running to the grocery store unless I could go alone. When he was almost three I found out I was pregnant with my second child. I stood in the doctor’s office crying and holding him in my arms as he actively bit my shoulder and neck.
b) drinking 4+ cups of coffee a day
In Germany more than 30 000 Thai women are married to German men. But also in many other countries too.
$1.00 off TWO Kellogg's Frosted Mini-Wheats
Until then you all should just browse around with some of my older stuff along with visiting my other sites!
Go check it out~
No artist has ethical sympathies. An ethical sympathy in an artist is an unpardonable mannerism of style.
But the boy who cried every week because the computers were closed is now a leader in our group of kids who builds with legos, collects pokemon cards and plays with bey blades daily. I don’t recall ever seeing him interact with other members for an extended period of time, but now I have to work to keep him quiet when he needs to be.
While I’m not a huge sex in the city follower, this one scene from one of the movies keeps running through my mind. Charlotte stops running when she finds out she’s pregnant, even though the doctor said all is well. When Carrie confronts her about it she confesses that she’s scared something bad will happen because she has everything she wants---blissfully married, a child, another on the way, life is filled w/ rainbows and unicorns etc. while one friend got left at the alter, another is talking divorce and a third broke up w/ her long term bf.
I hate to say it, but to me the Heat are the favorites to win it all. You can talk about LeBron James’ inability to close out games all you want (and believe me, that is one of my favorite talking points) but the fact remains that this team simply has the most talent of any in the playoffs. They are certainly far from perfect, as I have my own doubts about their bench. But quite honestly, they are better than they were last year in all aspects and I do not see a team out East that can contend with them in a 7-game series. Try to name one team that can match up with this group. It’s not possible. LeBron James is a matchup nightmare all by himself. The one knock on the guy continues to be his performance when it matters most. I truly hope that storyline never dies, but right now, the odds say this is the year he overcomes that obstacle and claims a ring.
Then it was a bit more of a chore to get my daughter to bed (“Can I play Wii Baseball one more time? Please?”) and we switched to something of about an hour in length on the Tivo, like an episode of “Law & Order.”
I am looking forward to read your comments!
For now I will sit in the park, clear my mind, and ask what to do. I don’t know who I ask, or where the answer comes from. (Most of the time its my husband – don’t tell him but he is pretty smart guy) I often trust my intuition on things and I know that this will work out. I am choosing to charge on and take organizing this 5km run/walk head on. It’s going to take up my time I will have to adjust my business schedule and sacrifice time with my family. BUT I refuse to give up and crawl into a pile of nachos (where a month ago you would have found me)
I call out to all My children to listen. Your time on earth, as you know it, is drawing to an end.
Sari made a pattern for a Snoopy house - complete with Snoopy on top but since she is TAKING DRIVERS ED (!!!!) this week she wasn't home to decorate it. She is doing it now and when it's done, I will put a picture up.
Didn't frost the cupcakes with lots of ganache. Just dipped the cupcakes when the ganache is still 'watery' and gave it a thin coat on top. My husband doesn't like too much frosting on cupcakes.
So easy a kid could do it!
Seriously, he said that. He's 4. Wonder where he's heard that :)
Snark aside, the money quote came from Carol Yenne, 36-year Noe resident and owner of the children's store Small Frys: "When we bought our (Noe Valley) house in 1975, it cost nothing compared to nowadays. But my mother back in Montana cried because we could have bought 10 acres and a ranch house there for the same price, and here we got a 25-foot-by-100-foot lot with an old, crummy house."
The article looks at how the challenges faced by all due to the recession have resulted in a new wave of Irish design & at the role the design industry has to play in promoting a brave new Ireland at home and abroad . (Image above show designs by Ursula Celano www.ursulacelano.com).
When you’re ready to serve, pour the compote mixture on top of the cheese cake and place the lemon slices around the cheesecake. Decorate with fresh mint leaves and serve!
My other goals here at OMF have always been about motivating and inspiring women to organize. This blog is a resource for you, as well. You can always go down to my Search Bar on the lower right side of my side bar, on the blog, and type in a search word of something you are wanting to organize. You know, like “closets” “kitchen” or “kids” and lots of great place to start and I have lots of content there. Well, I hope that this year you will be even more inspired and there is so much I have planned for you to help achieve that.
"I'm a tree in a story about a tree." Get it? I'm self-centered.
On both of those occasions, political consensus formed by Bilderberg members was enough to keep the euro on life support for another 12 months each time, and the same globalists will once again try and hammer out a strategy behind closed doors that will provide redemption for their cherished pet project.
After the area became more inflamed and tender I figured I better see a doctor. I saw a doctor yesterday afternoon who said I definitely have an infection but he was pretty sure it had not yet entered into my abdomen. He was glad I hadn't waited any longer. I'm now on a multi spectrum antibiotic for 10 days.
—Anansi and the Moss-Covered Rock, Anansi Goes Fishing, Anansi and the Magic Stick, and Anansi and the Talking Melon, retold by Eric A. Kimmel and illustrated by Janet Stevens—all very funny. My favorite is Anansi and the Moss-Covered Rock: just imagine what the trickster does when he discovers a rock that knocks people off their feet when a certain phrase is said! (I will mention that I didn't like Anansi's Party Time as well as the others, which are really terrific.)
menace, heaviness.
Reporting from a meeting of the Organization of American States (OAS),
"Jesus loves me this I know.
Information Minister Firdous Ashiq Awan described the resolution as part of a “dirty conspiracy”.
As the player progress from screen to screen (as one is want to do in a sidescroller), she will occasionally have to fight a battle, which is pretty standard stuff for the genre. The player’s performance is evaluated at the end of the battle and depending on how quickly the battle ended and how much damage the player received a certain amount of spirit points will be awarded. Spirit points are used to craft new swords as well as level up characters. While most of the random encounters are not too difficult, there’s a persistent challenge to do as well as possible so as to get the maximum reward for one’s efforts, which is a nice incentive to take every battle seriously. The boss battles are nothing short of jaw dropping in terms of both animation and gameplay. The bosses require not only a well thought out battle plan but also a nice stock of restorative items. While I have noticed some people playing without items, they are extremely useful the first time through the game and have saved me from death on more than one occasion. One of the cooler features of Muramasa is the ability to cook food that your player can then use to restore health and gain useful abilities. It also made me hungry for rice balls and tofu…
A candle,
From the book jacket: Thirteen year old October Schwartz is new in town, short on friends, and the child of a clinically depressed science teacher. Naturally, she spends most of her time in the Sticksville Cemetery. While writing her novel Two Knives, One Thousand Demons, of which she admits the title is “the single best thing about the book so far,” October accidentally raises the spirits of five dead teenagers. When October’s French teacher dies in suspicious circumstances, she teams up with the dead kids to form the Dead Kid Detective Agency and solve the case. It’s Nancy Drew with ghosts, and these ghosts happen to love board games and musical theatre — how could I resist?
And finally, Elemental is the prequel of the Storm series, the first book coming out later this month. I've heard only great things about this one, and when I saw it while browsing for books it was practically screaming at me to buy it.
And you’d need strong feelings to use the word “ever” to describe 150 years in Earth’s history: “Warmest ever,” “third warmest ever,” “hottest ever,” “fifth hottest ever,” “second warmest ever.” Taken as a whole, statements like these, which are found in articles purporting to inform the public, become incantatory, and indeed echo literal hymns sung in literal churches, worldwide: “Forever and ever and ever …. Hallelujah, hallelujah,” and so forth, as set forth in Handel’s Messiah. People have said that global warming is its own religion, and it turns out they may be right.
Location: after a trip from hell from Bangkok: Koh Tao
This week was terrible-highs in the upper 80's and high humidity. We didn't get diddly done outside all week. This was especially hard on the plants as it was also sunny EVERY DAY!
Stainer: You don’t want to go to the moon? Bulls***!
She resides in Los Angeles next door to her daughter Carrie.
Yeah, I thank God each night, and twice on Sunday,
Cleveland’s strongly held, but long forgotten, Jeffersonian ideals promoting the idea that the government should stay out of the lives of the people have died away in our modern era. But what have been the fruits of government paternalism? Trillions wasted on anti-poverty programs that have not solved the problem of poverty, and trillions given to business for bailouts and job creation, which has created no prosperity nor solved the financial crisis.
A strapping lad is on safari. He suddenly jumps off the truck, hurtles into the wilderness and begins making the same noise as the pack of okapis into which he’s ensconced himself (in a very witty manner):
Sunday night.
The actor said that when the screen suddenly went black as he sits down to dinner with his family he thought: ‘What the f***?’
It wasn't until I was mid-semester in my AP English course that I realized English was where it was at for me. I was good at it, I liked it, so it was pretty much a perfect fit. Fast forward 10 years and I have been teaching high school English for the last 5. It's been fun and an incredible learning process. Seriously. I have learned more about how societies and communities function, how people function, and how teenagers learn than I could have ever thought possible. It's been real.
Even though we reached a relatively small number of Residents, they are all hyper connected with many maintaining their own blogs or sites. Within hours of the event photographs and coverage were posted across the web. These in turn were picked up by ecology, marketing and news sites including Shots, Contagious, National Geographic, The Guardian, The Independent and Reuters.
The rosary arrived and I love it. Thanks so much, and I will have to look around your websites for something for myself now...thanks also for the discount offer!
PM chimes in to back calls to rename Big Ben landmark Elizabeth Tower after the Queen
I apologize for the length of that story...
Flapper dresses were on the runway for spring 2012; perhaps echoes of a prosperous decade hearten an impecunious world. At least we don't have Prohibition. ("Not that we noticed, really", my mother said, glossing over the evening the cops raided the casino.)
Height of the triangle needed x4 + ½” for seams = width of the fabric strip to be taken
People who talk slowly and listen deeply
This is a substantial amount of money. At the Policing Board Sinn Fein have already asked for sight of the Surveillance Commissioners’ report — an annual audit into the use of informants by each force — which has been refused.
I’m really bad at trying to cope with interruptions in my regular routine so I’m not really a happy bunny. It’s all just very tiresome.
IP: We need a different type of politics – people are getting more apathetic. Proportional election coalitions are dishonest politics. We’ve got to turn that system upside down. Cross-party politics, we should work together for the 65%, fight for the 35%.
Divide dough into 24 equal pieces, about 2 tablespoons each (or use #40 portion scoop). Using hands, roll dough into balls. NOTE: The final dough will be slightly softer than most cookie dough. For the best results, handle the dough as briefly and gently as possible when shaping the cookies. Overworking the dough will result in flatter cookies. Roll them into sugar ...
I used an 8x8 card
The first last supper means there will always be a next last supper, and in each supper — lunch, breakfast, dinner, snack – the Christ is present. We truly are a lucky, blessed and loved people. I love the idea that a Jimmy Johns sandwich or a Papa John’s pizza or a Dorito or a Snickers bar or a Veggie tray or a Fruit Roll-Up might bring our focus around to our faith. (Now if we could only learn to eat healthier, wouldn’t that be a God thing?)
till
We don’t have a very big garden and consequently, we don’t have a very big shed. So, once the plant pots, shredder, potatoes, spades, fork, spare netting, canes, and lawn mower** are in there, there is standing room only. In addition, when we bought our shed, we chose to have one without windows (the weak point in the old shed), so once the door is closed it’s both claustrophobic and dark. Call me picky, but I don’t find that combination particularly relaxing.
I was so afraid of my husband i held off going to the hospital, my pains getting worse and worse, I tried to get in the shower with him, but fell to the ground crying in pain,
Happy Holidays, all! Sorry I am quite on the blog front. I have a friend in town this month and am laying low hanging out with her.
You really need to answer the question: 'what makes my product different?'
I am a wife and stay at home Mother of a soon to be 3 year old little boy, with another son due in December! I have been card-making since 2003 when I was invited to join a card-making group from church. I love playing in my craft room, and have watched my crafting skills evolve over the past 7 years. I enjoy making all types of cards, Clean and Simple, to the more complex layered cards.
So, how has your July been ~ Busy too? Hope your having fun!
were made by the same guy. I picked these two for the
6 ) When your boyfriend changes his relationship status on Facebook to “It’s complicated”.
When I do though?
Her eyes widened a bit at the mention of the name. "How do you know about him?"
6. Eloise (Hang On In There)
Here come the swatches, but be forewarned: there are a lot of them. I had trouble deciding which were the best representatives of the pigmentation, so I just decided to throw them all in here so you can decide for yourself and be able to see them in different lighting. All pictures were taken during the day with no flash, but some seem to be in direct daylight while others are a bit more shadowed.
2/3 cups oil
“Stop! Stop, I can…” the agent struggled to get his words out, his throat held tight by Diggs. He didn’t struggle too much; smart move, as a quick twist of the wrist would have been quick and easy. He tried to speak, sputtering random words, and Diggs suddenly recognized something he said. He released the man, and tapped a command on his wrist. The stealth suit became visible.
I don’t know about you, but I’ve been trying to diminish the size of my ecological footprint. If my grocery shopping nets only a couple of items, I skip the bagging. If it’s an all-out full-stop grocery purchase, I take my shopping bags with me. It’s not easy living under the slogan, “Rinse, Re-use, Recycle,” but I really think its worth the effort.
Are you discouraged or frustrated because your husband, although saved, is neglecting his relationship with God and has, subsequently, been miserable and taking it out on you? Again, pray for God to intervene in this. Maybe your husband isn't saved. Instead of preaching and nagging him about coming to church with you, pray that God would soften his heart towards Him and prepare Him for acceptance of His gift.
When our actions demonstrate
If the previous picture showed the noble side of the DBR sporting player explaining 'how he died' the next picture shows the fictional "billimeter" nonsense that DBR (or any) rules can degenerate into. Any loss from the Rolyalist command now means "the end of their right wing", so when the little red horsemen (see below bottom left quarter) suffered a recoil from the shooting from Parliamentarian pistol and light artillery it should have been "Goodnight Vienna" as it recoiled into friends/enemies facing the wrong way, but the Royalist player invoked the "blind billimeter DBR defense". Groan ... my head started swimming.
My health wasn't too good. There are those who might say I was drinking more than perhaps I should have done to keep me going. But I had other... I suppose these days you might call it – what happens if you type too much...?
*Medallions made from the molds I created, either pressed or carved. I plan to paint them and leave them around town as random acts of art.
Sheriff Reichaert has participated in this program for several years but was unable to last year due to heart surgery. He will again provide rides with Dave Hahn of the Wood County Tavern League. Hahn and Reichert will pick up individuals, as well as take their vehicles home, to help provide safe roads and avoid possible operatong while intoxicated situations.
colder than last year —
Maps & Atlases are a multi-talented Chicago four piece, whose music falls in the indie-rock category on Wikipedia but in reality is anything but. On ‘Beware and Be Grateful,’ their second album, the band’s panoramic scope is realised more fully than on their slightly poppy debut, ‘Perch Patchwork.’
How can we be happy when sad things happen? There is a book called: When bad things happen to good people by Harold Kushner. Bad things do happen. Sad events occur. Whenever these situations come crashing into our lives; we question God and sometimes question our faith. Why do certain life-happenings turn some people away from God and draw others closer to God?
30. As a driver I hate pedestrians, and as a pedestrian I hate drivers, but no matter what the mode of transportation, I always hate cyclists.
As we watched the playback, the camera zoomed in on the hooker in question, eliciting a howl of anger from him. His sister was the videographer, and I'd drawn her attention from him to me. The shot corrected quickly, focusing back on Steven, but the damage was done. For every night of the run, I'd gotten a good laugh out of the crowd while he strutted and mugged, doing a poor imitation of Rick Moranis's film version of Seymour. Unpleasant realization dawned and he rounded on me, spluttering: "You, you did that on purpose!" I gave him a sickeningly sweet smile and said, "Tallulah Bankhead once glued the bottom of a glass that she proceeded to set on the edge of a cocktail table just before she left the stage. The audience was so busy staring at it that they ignored the rest of the scene."
What i love the most is her sweet buttery voice, speaking with calmness and vision. And that those who are around her know she sees life with clarity. She's helping plan her funeral, she's recorded songs she's sung, and she's choosing what pictures she wants for everyone to remember her by. She loves and smiles as much as she can. She is surrounded by so many people who want to do anything they can... just anything.
You yearn for freedom and a comfy saddle don't you? You've been feeling penned in lately and maybe need to try something mentally new to express yourself? Stop arguing so much with somebody who is close to you, and maybe consider that sometimes you need to listen as well as talk to resolve those conflicts and weird misunderstandings? You talk a good talk, but are you really up for a long walk with all that mounting baggage?
That banked up to it,
Both family and friends have been gathering here on a regular basis lately to play Settlers of Catan. They have progressed to a level that has surpassed my current abilities to understand what in the hell they are doing now that they are playing several of the expansion games at the same time. Makes for some fun evenings all around though!
But there was no Call Ahead Seating and no Fastpass for this line. I don’t remember how long we actually waited, but it was a pretty significant amount of time. Long enough for all of us to be starving by the time we were finally seated. We hit the buffet and loaded up in record time and just as we did, the characters started their parade.
8. How long can you hold your breath?
They called me last night at 9 pm to tell me they took him by ambulance to the emergency room.
The best thing that can happen would be for Western Europe to decide to allow Afrikaners to return to the lands of their fathers (The Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Austria, France, and to a lesser extent Scotland).
This second card is for the Gingham challenge, a very simple new baby girl card, it was tempting to add more bits to this card, but I resisted.
“I was on speaker phone before,” I tell him.
Twice a year when we fire the big anagama kiln (a wood-fired, 8th century kiln replica), I think it really won't take up most of the month....but pretty much it does. Saturday we had massive amounts of wood to stack for future firings besides the unloading.
It was a day like any other day, assuming, that is, that your “any other day” is one where you’re on a large cruising catamaran in the British Virgin Islands with two other unschooling dads who are pretty much the most fabulous companions you could imagine for such an adventure.
When we left I actually interviewed for a worship leader position in another church. I really wanted that job. I felt God challenging me to truly become a worship leader. I wasn’t sure how He wanted to accomplish that since I hate speaking to a crowd, but that feeling was undeniable.
The second pickled vegetables I made for this month - making my own pickles was such a bonus of doing Iran this month, as it's something I've never even thought about doing. These pickled carrots were also a big hit with one of my guests commenting it was like eating a "carbonated carrot" because of the tingly sensation in her mouth! Check out the recipe here.
At The Good Earth we are always stumbling across wonderful opportunities! We have loyal “earthlings” Dennis and Leslie who happen to be a hobby apiarists. In the winter we chatted about possibly bringing two hives over from their place to ”vacation” at The Good Earth. What a great idea! I am very fond of bees and the thought of Good Earth honey was very appealing. With the earlier than expected arrival of spring, we went into overdrive and just this past Friday my puppies and I welcomed Dennis, Leslie and two beautiful bee hives (complete with Good Earth “pink” doorsteps) to the garden!
Partners Assigned On March 12th!
seeing moving pictures (early audiences were perfectly happy to watch depictions of galloping horses or railway engines or simple street scenes), and once film’s potential as a story-telling vehicle became evident, the search for narratives began in earnest.
I can offer you a life of obedient servitude on YOUR compound, since my house sucks. In your time with me, you will learn so much. You will learn that my multiple personalities all have names, and are made up of only the cutest kinds of dangerous sociopaths, serial killer-esque types, and sexual deviants. You will learn that your life with me will be much easier if you are constantly lubricated and pliant. You will learn the meaning of the words “OW, THAT FUCKING HURTS, KAGE”, and you will memorize every line of Anchorman. You will listen to the Spice Girls, Nickleback and that silly little bisexual girl, Justin Bieber, should you EVER disobey me. You’re a figure of fun, Henry, and I’m gonna fuck that fun figure. You will occasionally be allowed to show me who MY daddy is, say for example on your birthday, or on the day Glenn Beck finally explodes into a million pieces, showering us all in crocodile tears and Nazi propaganda posters.
Goodbye, you stupid world,
Because it is a chorus of small children in their Sunday Best earnestly singing a Hungarian folksong to an audience of uncles, grandmothers, symphony orchestra clarinetists, and working cowgirls from Montana.
The Ember of Azzinoth is NOT a good raider. Halfway through the gauntlet, the Ember spawned. Pets that were not strictly player-controlled were still kind of idiotic then, and a randomly spawned pet? Even worse. He took his big, glowy butt right into the middle of the ghosts and killed us all.
How much do you stick to it?
For me, my poetry has never been something I worked on. It is something inside of me that has to come out. It’s something I feel rising from a place deep inside myself and when I feel the stirrings, I grab a pencil and I let it come. It is its own voice.
I think It must be the old fashioned kind with hands. That is what I have most in my house. Though I have digital on the appliances, but I always look at the kind with hands to see what time it is, when I look, I mean, most the time I never look. I try to go by the way the sun is in the sky.
We like to scour thrift stores and garage sales for puzzles at great prices. Garage sale season is over in our area, so I am going to head to the thrift store to see what I can find. The last time I searched our local thrift stores, I found several puzzles of 500 pieces or more and the prices ranged from 29 cents to 69 cents each. Now
Sport Relief Mile (Running) 25.3.2012
Good value, great atmosphere; we will most certainly be coming back!
What about the loyalists who are frustrated with where Umno is heading? They vote against Umno to teach it a lesson. So Umno might go back to what it once was?
A valued form of greeting in Thailand is the "wai", where the hands are placed together around the nose area and a bow tie is made, but
"They had beautiful signatures," Berra said in a reverent tone. He bristled over how modern players' signatures tended to be indistinguishable. For clarity's sake, whenever Berra asked one of the kids like Evan Longoria to sign a ball, he would also request that they write their number under the name."
When I heard that Michelle Obama was going on The Biggest Loser to congratulate the participants on being role models I knew that I had to do something. So I e-mailed my friend Darryl Roberts, filmmaker of America the Beautiful 2: The Thin Commandments. We wrote a well-researched article pointing out the problems with Mrs. Obama endorsing the contestants as role models. That article is below.
Michael J.
Don't you deserve to feel that way too? Don't you WANT to have that feeling of accomplishment that comes with having just poured your sweat, time and effort into making your body stronger, lean and powerful? Get out there! Make today your day to commit 30 mins to your body. You'll be glad you did. You'll be proud of yourself. You'll realize that it's not that hard and maybe you'll choose to do it tomorrow too!
In conclusion to this post I think my mother was right, when we’re living with a person we have to accept them for all of their habits, we may not particularly enjoy them, but that makes it part and parcel of who and what we are. And men… if a lady plays a prank back on you, accept it and have a giggle about it, because after all she is just like you: human.
Finally, on Mother's day in 2008 right after I graduated & moved home from college my mom gave in.
Attachment to the idea of what a love relationship should be like is probably why they so often fail. What should always be the goal of both persons is to keep the connection. Allowing a person to his own mistakes, giving them the freedom to come and go and trusting your ability to deal with it if they choose the later is the most important aspects of non attachment you can practice. Meanwhile keeping a healthy dose of the same connection to your own soul so that you know when behaviour is at the extreme and unhealthy end of the spectrum. You can love a person and not want to live with their destructive behaviour. You can love a person and not want them as part of your life. This is perfectly fine and in fact, vital.
The Book of Illusions drew me in from the first sentence and because I couldn't put it down I (sadly) only got to know the characters for a very, very short period of time.
(Hmm, methinks mayhap, a certain chicken of my acquaintance had something to do with this invasion...)
The Slasher's victims number four, and ranged from Chuck Alford and Jim Parker, to Forrest Duke and John Leeman!
Annnd everyone else said...
Happy Wednesday everyone! It's Julie coming to you from the Colorado Rocky Mountains. I am your hostess for the week. I want to thank everyone who participated in our challenge last week. We so enjoy visiting your blogs and galleries and seeing all your fabulous creations. We are very excited to see what you come up with this week.
The answer to ‘should I go?’ has become yes. It will be better than doing what I normally do.
Ranging from the now infamous village of New Dachang in the United Federation of China, where the epidemiological trail began with the twelve-year-old Patient Zero, to the unnamed northern forests where untold numbers sought a terrible and temporary refuge in the cold, to the United States of Southern Africa, where the Redeker Plan provided hope for humanity at an unspeakable price, to the west-of-the-Rockies redoubt where the North American tide finally started to turn, this invaluable chronicle reflects the full scope and duration of the Zombie War.
One thing, though, Jeff: secular card? Bad form! What would Bill O'Reilly say?
Believe it or not, next Tuesday I have to fly out to my least favorite place, Las Vegas. My dear friend is finally going to marry her Chinese boyfriend of 20+ years at the Elvis chapel. I am in this wedding. I believe that an asian pantsuit is arriving today for me to wear, and I will spend at least part of this day on "Asian Elvis" nosegays for us ladies in the wedding party to carry. Its safe to say this is my wildest friend of all time and what is waiting for us in Vegas is an exercise in apprehension.
I am looking for your help! We are constantly trying to improve at
Acts 22:7-8
I used a stamp runner by Inkadinkado for the heart border, the border punch is Martha Stewart, the "i love my family" stamp is by Heidi Grace (We are Family) and the polkadot paper is by Paper Studio.
Okay, so what about the label? Don't bother trying the website--it's in French or Dutch, your choice. English, tantalizingly listed on the splash, is not yet operational. Fortunately, Shelton Brothers, the importer, has the details.
Article Body:
350And drink the falling tears each other sheds;
2) Don't let you kids out of their chairs.
I've read a lot of people are moving over to Google+ so today I created an account during my lunch hour and played around and I have no clue as to how I'm going to easily get to a dashboard to see all of the blogs I follow. Google+ seemed to be nothing more than a clone of Facebook. I did eventually find a dashboard that listed all of the blogs I currently follow but it wasn't just the click of a button to get there.
Christmas came and went and then I had another invitation to go for a few days to the Snowy Mts with a friend who was thinking of buying a guest house there. The mountains don't have any snow in summer but the high country is popular for hiking and fly fishing. I was keen to see it in summer and even though it was a full day's drive it was better than staying home alone nervously waiting for exam results.
That tells what's true
I took about 150 photos of the mill; everywhere we turned there were picturesque scenes, and we went through five stories, plus out on the exterior platform. Here are just a few….
Wooohoooo!
Gently stir the yolks into the almond paste with a spatula and set aside.
They are also mostly to blame for my lack of productivity in the blogosphere. But leave it to Doc to pull me back in with something shiny. I'm just too much of a girl to resist shiny things - even when I'm busy becoming all self-actualized and doing other incredibly weighty things, like lapping up each delicious drop of summer.
I want to call him tomorrow as he is due to have his conference call on Wednesday. We have been very busy beavers around our home. We are shredding, cleaning, making Goodwill donations, selling some old furniture with a consignment shop, buying some new pieces, having the carpets and tile cleaned, the grout cleaned and resealed.... and the decluttering continues.
To quote my Pastor, ” God has placed within each of us a consciousness and awareness of eternity.
Maria’s Special Rich Greek Chocolate Flourless Cake
First of all, going to the gym often means getting up early, which is clearly a problem. A cappuccino machine would be an obvious way to improve the gym experience. In fact, a cappuccino machine is obviously far more important than the stupid water cooler often found in gyms. Duh.
3. Economic recession of the 1980’s and the current impending recession.
Wrapped up in a Sunday spiral and I’m still just one of the boys.
There is good stress and bad stress
I'll be having my first tapping at The Alcatraz on December 16th at 6:30pm. My "Penitentiary Pilsner" is a Czech Pilsner with just the right balance of Ida Pils and Carapils malts along with Saaz hops. Stop by to try this easy drinking golden pilsner.
Download process:
Islam isn't an obsession, it is worship. They worship their God and constantly give thanks. The Five Pillers of Islam is a list of behaviors, behaviors that lead to the idea of worship. If men do this and women do this, if they pray five times a day, go on a pilgrimage to Mecca, if they give alms, if they stay from certain drinks and foods, then through that they will worship their God.
Eagle fly free-Keeper of the seven keys Pt.II
If we say that we have love, or do love, or are love, and we don’t complete the actions that love deems necessary because our will is dissolute, then we are rendering love false. False love has no way to perfectly inform will, and so will is damaged from its inception, and we begin to see how the cycle perpetuates itself…
begin to destroy
to the infinite power
Each city could have its own lesser Sanhedrin, but there could be only one Great Sanhedrin, which among other roles acted as the Supreme Court – taking appeals from cases decided by lesser courts.
Even if his administration had in any way resembled a Democratic one, your incumbent is embarrassingly down in the polls vs. a generic GOP candidate, has sunk to 39% in pivotal Florida, and has shown no wherewithal to to turn thing around in the next 18 months. The fat lady is already clearing her throat.
Jonah, looked at the book Gilly handed over. He tried to skim the pages, but old memories surfaced instead. Finally, he told Gilly everything and a dreadful weight was lifted. Maybe he wasn't as messed up as he thought he was.
Seeing a Cadillac Escalade running with the keys in the ignition, Griffin impulsively hops in and drives away. What he doesn't see is the teenage girl in the back seat under a blanket. The girl, Cheyenne, has pneumonia and is waiting in the car for her stepmother to come back from the pharmacy with her prescription medicine. Oh, and Cheyenne is blind.
The crystal spider spins webs of razor-sharp glass. These creatures are extremely deadly but quite beautiful and often hunted for it's webbing and the gemstones it collects.
Value: $325.00
The 73-year-old added that previously at JLR "the entire engineering group would be empty on Friday evening", but said things had improved. "The new management team has put an end to that. They call meetings at 5 o'clock," he said.
mine on the moon
I naturally agree with him as regards the criminal behaviour of
Repeat with another chocolate layer, brushing the chocolate layer with the espresso mixture and adding the buttercream and then ending with an almond layer on top. Don't brush the almond layer or top it with buttercream. You will have one chocolate layer left. Chill the cake for 15 minutes to set the buttercream.
-1.5 story, 4 bedroom, 2 bath
"She was happy. She wants me to tell my mom."
Cut off the tips from the chicken wings, clean them under running water and pat dry as much as possible. Transfer to a large bowl.
In less than three seconds, water covered the entire bathroom floor–followed immediately by every towel, washcloth, bathmat etc I could find.
Lord we ask you to intercede on our behalf, to care and nurture those who need it and give strength to all who can enact change.
May 23, Charleston, WV Taught by Sally Lynn
5) My friend Snad doesn't blog much but she has us over to her house all the time, she got us involved in local activism, and she introduced us to our other friends Brian and June so for all that and much more I'm awarding her one of these thingys as well.
I have a wonderful, yet occasionally drooly and dirty Chocolate Lab and need an easy to clean area rug!
“All alone and lonely oh! I’m all alone and lonely oh!”
But anyway…
Haroon the dwarf, not in the least put out by his short stature; he thinks his height gives him an advantage - he can easily bite people’s kneecaps.
Working on a holiday in The Space Between Raindrops. There will be some changes coming and going as I freshen things up a bit.
Further you teach about the elevated position of the spiritual master:
7.) “Time Travellin”
To participate, consumers can go to The Home Depot or The Home Depot Foundation’s Facebook page, and choose how many of the six easy and fun outdoor projects they want to tackle. Once their project is completed, consumers simply upload a photo of their creation and select which organization they would like to receive $100. The Home Depot Foundation will donate up to $25,000 to each of the four nonprofits for projects completed in their honor, and will double the total amount for the organization that receives the most projects.
In 1877, Harriet Staunton's husband and three others were accused of starving her to death and lurid newspaper reports of the Penge murder trial held the nation's rapt attention. A bestselling novel about the affair – written in 1934 and now republished – proves as gripping today .
The beer is pound-coin-golden with a white head; immediately after pouring I notice heavy carbonation with lots of tiny bubbles billowing from the sides of the glass. The aroma is subdued but I can detect lemony citrus with a sweetness behind it – imagine the smell of a concentrated lemonade syrup.
· Inkpad.
I love to dig. If I had my health back, and if digging didn't make such a mess, I could do it everyday simply for the joy of it.
It's obvious that the people of France are not students of history, just like us here in the United States. Socialism has never worked, never, ever, at any time in the history of our world. It has always been a failure every time it has been tried.
It also reminded me of an article that I wrote for Reuters on International Women's Day that was well received at the time and contains some of the themes in it I'm going to be touching on again in another up-coming article about women in the industry.
I put my arm out. “Wait!” I pause. “OK.” I say. “Knock, knock.”
Euro-American Parents’ Participation in Their Young Children’s Daily Activities.” Social Behavior and Personality 36.2 (2008): 163-76. Print.
I got working on them right away
The footage again seems to differ from the comic book source material, most likely due to the cost that would have been involved to bring the alien races from the comic t0 the screen. It appears to have been produced as a pilot episode for a tv series, and a temp score track using music from movies indicates that it never got past the testing stages. It’s surprising that further attempts haven’t been made to adapt Power Pack to a movie series for kids, especially since Disney’s recent purchase of Marvel Studios, it seems like the kind of project perfect for Disney, and will perhaps happen some time down the line.
Beginners always think that the best rakeback will be with the highest %. They are sort of right mathematically. But what’s the most important, is that almost always these high % rakebacks are offered by very small poker rooms which do not have traffic or smoothly running software.
A week ago I received an e-mail from my friend Ian Maloney who runs many of the literary reading events at St Francis College who asked me if I wanted to read Friday night at a Brooklyn Non-Fiction event at the school. I said yes and sent a piece I had written about Greenwood Cemetery- to the moderator Aziz Rahman. Before I knew it I was a finalist on the program with seven others for the big prize.
O wretched man that I am!
Fortunately, things have greatly improved now. Many brewers have started cellar quality initiatives, and the Cask Marque scheme has done much to drive up the quality of beer handed over the bar. It’s now generally accepted that cask beer should be crystal clear, 100% of the time, and any failure of clarity is sufficient grounds for a refund or exchange, no questions asked.
Though I have said this several times before, here is a brief recap of what happened.
Realize that slavery is the new freedom. When you die to your selfish desires, you become slaves of God, which frees you from sin so you can live life full of blessings. Understand that the way to truly experience freedom isn’t by gratifying every appetite you have, but by gaining power over your appetites so they don’t enslave you – which you can only do when you’re a slave of God, who wants what’s really best for you. Remaining enslaved to your own desires will eventually destroy you. But when you become a slave of God (the only master you were ever meant to serve) by practicing submission to His will, unconditional obedience, and self-denial, God sets you free from sin, sanctifies you so you can grow spiritually, and gives you eternal life.
I've had quite a few requests for the Vegan Holiday Roast recipe, so here it is! I originally got this online but the recipe isn't there when I go back to my bookmark. I can't remember exactly what it was called before, so Vegan Holiday Roast, it is! Luckily, I have a little notebook where I copy down recipes from the internet, so I still have it.
75014 Paris
Spring is my favourite time of the year, although here in Tenerife, the change in Season is not quite so marked. Spring though, longer days with the promise of summer wafting in the air. Spring a time of birth with lambs making their appearance and rebirth as the flowers start to grow again. Spring, a time of hope and promise.
‘All that which causes division between people (the very opposite of love) is the devil.’
honest reporting from the Bangladeshi media? Not unless your name
A human beta retrovirus (HBRV) related to mouse mammary tumor virus has been cloned and characterized from patients with PBC. This agent can be detected in the majority of patients' perihepatic lymph nodes by immunochemistry and RT-PCR.
Thank you so much to everyone for the kind words of support, the helpful advice, and for just reading this past month. Knowing that I have a blogosphere of people tuning in each day to see my progress has helped me to stick with this diet/ exercise programme long after I wanted to quit. Every time I lingered over a bag of minstrels, or a slice of cake, I thought of the nightmare of having to confess all on my little blog. And apart from the odd confession here and here, we have done pretty well.
Wesley wrinkled his nose and said, "Nothing really. I can't find anything good in this place." He swept his arm around the library.
George Kaysen — Professor of Medicine and Biochemistry and Molecular Medicine
e) You can’t put a graft on the palm tree… It is graft resistant… The wind knocks off the graft… In the same way, you can’t put a graft on a righteous person… The world and the devil tries to graft their ideas and ways on you… The devil loves to graft some habit into your life… or some sickness… some compromise… Paul teaches about the unequal yoke in 2 Corinthians 6:14-16… The wind of the spirit can knock off any and all satanic and worldly grafts.
Keep in mind that District 11 is in Kabul. These guys aren’t rolling up on some ANP checkpoint in the middle of bad-guy country. This is in the capital city. Where there’s bowling. In contrast, this is the ANP Colonel’s take on the relationship:
a photo of a photo, actually.
What can I say? These caramels are a revelation. They melt in your mouth with buttery sweetness that's unlike anything I've ever tasted. The bag I bought had several different flavors, including chocolate and pomme tatin, but the original was the hands down winner. And that little shop is apparently the only place in Paris where they're sold. I'll be back.
The migrants being held in Indonesia were destined for Australia. The boat intercepted off the coast of B.C. is likely part of the same smuggling ring. The boat didn't get lost. The men aboard the ship admitted in interviews that their destination was Canada. So all in all, what we are looking at are Sri Lankan Tamils seeking to enter Canada illegally to make an asylum claim.
Now it's YOUR turn! Do you have any books, authors, or blogs that you would like to give a Shout Out to? If you make your own post, please link back to this post, and leave your link in the comments section this weekend so I can check it out, and so that other readers can stop by too!!
I would just like to say a big, huge “Thank You” to everyone that have been so supportive during the launch, hard times etc. since the inception of ACS/IT Services.
I love you human. With all of my heart.
Micheal: Me too. Always.
Ahlborg G. Epidemiological studies on occupational factors and pregnancy outcome. National Institute of Occupational Health. Arbete og Hälsa. Arbetsmiljöinstitutet, Solna: Doctoral Dissertation 14; 1990: 1-65.
It's such a huge improvement from what it was like when we first started this whole process.
Maybe there was a bit of Humbert Humbert in my teacher. But somehow between his near-obsession with the phrase and the actual "field hockey legs" of some of my distaff school mates, the words stuck with me.
Between him and the PT team (who I told at one point that in a previous life they had worked in the torture chambers in a dungeon somewhere ... and LIKED it) I have probably 95% use of my leg. It gets stiff sometimes, and it drags a bit on stairs, but I can do most anything I could before I injured it. Well, it IS damned difficult to get up again when I sit crossed legged on the floor, but it can be done.
Sorry for the delay in updating things in case anyone was desperate to know the outcome of the weekend, the week after was rather busy and also I was on a bit of a down after everything. But yes, everyone did get over so I did manage to see my Dad for the first time in over 2yrs :D Also got to see my Mum and hadn't done that for over a year as well.
I hope you will join in with us, Enjoy the blog hop.
She fled, and left the moonlight there.
“From small beginnings, Direct-POD has expanded over the years to become one of the most forward thinking book printing companies. We’re proud of our people and of the work we produce. At Direct-POD, we build business by providing people with the most effective, sensibly priced printing solutions available. Our customers tell us that’s what they want - affordable book printing from a supplier they can trust. We thrive on even the shortest of deadlines. Our digital presses have a vast output rate and print at 1200 dpi. We can bind thousands of books a day and our on-line quoting system offers instant quotes, and file upload. So when you present us with the challenge of a tight turnaround, you’ll find we respond quickly and enthusiastically.”
You'd think that watching or hearing a train wreck was always a terrible thing; and all too often it is exactly that, isn't it?
Let us enter into the heart of the thicket.
Today was so validating. It felt so good to know I am in the right place, for the first time in my life I don't feel lost.
Rita Petry later became Mendonsa’s wife and settled in Rhode Island.
Satan will never learn I’m thankful for the attack now because I have pleaded with God, to help me spiritually wake up… The devil will regret his attack he started yesterday from this point on because I know the power within me from the Holy Spirit, and I will remind satan of his future every time he’s dumb enough to attack…
It was while the dam was under construction that the initial hostilities of the Civil War broke out. On April 12, 1861 at 4:30 a.m. Confederate forces opened fire on Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina. During the Civil War, Thomas Ray’s father-in-law, Levi J. Knight, and his future son-in-law Henry H. Knight both served in the 29th Georgia Volunteer Infantry. Thomas himself, was a major in the 138th Battalion, 6th Military District, Lowndes, County, GA. There is no record that this unit saw active duty during the war.
It appears his complete focus is on his re-election campaign. We understand the importance of this to Mr. Obama because the winning Presidency for a second term would allow him to continue his lavish lifestyle which is funded by the taxpayers of the United States.
Min Ho does not only have the looks, but I believe he also started to prove that he can REALLY act and be better at it. The kind of acting that is REAL and GENUINE, the acting that made me feel his character. Being with a top caliber actor like Son Ye Jin, it must have been tough for him. But I’m really impressed that he was able to blend well with Ye Jin and he was able to create a great onscreen chemistry with her. He successfully made every emotional scene with Ye Jin so heartfelt that just by looking through his eyes is enough to make one cry.
"Mahshy" is one of the most popular main dishes in Arabic countries like Egypt and Sirya, it's also known as "Dolma". "Mahshy" is an Arabic word means "stuffed" and it's called on some leaves like (cabbage, grape leaves, lettuce leaves, or kale leaves) or some vegetables like (tomatos, eggplant, zucchini, or bell pepper) stuffed with many kinds of stuffing different from country to another or from one person to another, one of these types is rice and ground beef with some spices, or only rice with some herbs and tomato juice (Egyptian stuffing), and this one is what I'm going to use today, this dish is usually eaten with the preferred meat or chicken, I recommend chicken in the oven with potatoes, and minced onion or even without potatoes. Stuffed grape leaves is considered as an appetizer dish in some countries and restaurants. Today I'm going to make "Mahshy Kronb & Wara'a Enab" or stuffed cabbage and grape leaves, I hope you like it.
last 0.4 at 9:50
9:00 a.m. - 12:00 noon
Computer Printed Sentiment
Well we have gone chicken mad here since my last post!
And, with that, she squished the platypus and the pie shell into a ball,
David and I are extremely blessed to not only have jobs in this economy, but to have jobs we love. Working in schools is one of the most rewarding jobs out there. This year David moved from being a 4th grade teacher to the principal of the school that he has taught in for the past five years. Each year his school has a theme, and the music teacher writes a song to go with that theme.
I would love to nap all day and watch some cheesy 90s prom movies.
Fandom: Avengers (2012), Thor (2011)
Of course, one important thing to remember about Leo's style is the way in which it evolved constantly throughout his career - something that his more slavish imitators (amongst whom, to be fair, I don't count Dave!) never managed.
Though he’s so goofy you’d just never know it.
But the point is. we have some interesting dynamics at work here in terms of its brightness. You would think Venus would be brightest when it was “full” or near full – just like our Moon. But it isn’t. And you might think it would be brightest when it is closest to us – but then it’s just a thin crescent that we see, so it isn’t. Actually, there’s a compromise position about one third of the way through May 2012 when it is both a crescent – less than 20% of the disc illuminated – and near it’s brightest at magnitude -4.7. After that it gets to be a larger crescent, but it also dims some because so little of the disk is lit. Still, even at the end of the month with just one percent illuminated it is shining at a dazzling - 4.1.
“Oh… Never mind” she replies and opens the door for him.
I've been very hesitant to point to specific people or acts for which I was grateful since the Bean was born. I feel I must, however, just share one or two people or bits of service that were especially helpful. I hope this isn't taken to demean or lessen the gratitude I feel for all of the faith and prayers and acts of service we received. Please know we couldn't have survived this without them all.
d) Dr. V S Ramamurthy, Padma Bhushan, Senior Advisor & Director, ex-Secretary Govt. of India, Department of Science and Technology and Chairman, Board of Governors of IIT Delhi.
We are finally reaching a time when parents are standing up for the rights of their children and opting out of tests. Social media has played a great role in this where parents are able to find others from their state who are doing the same thing they are and also discover and share information and resources at sites like the Opt Out of Standardized Tests wiki. They are uniting and getting smarter about their parental right to decide what is best for their children.
It was SO easy to put together. The lights are already on it (and don’t go out if one dies) so that saved me hours of work.
The Top 3 in no particular order are...
Sri means Lakshmi or wealth and ‘nagar’ a city. The summer capital ofJ&KState,Srinagarcity has a vital role in the history ofKashmir. For this reason, Persian chronicles call it Shehr-e-Kashmir or ‘City ofKashmir’.
All in all The Big Chill Bar is a relatively cost effective night, with free entry and standard London drink prices. What sets this place apart from other east end bars and clubs is a combination of the relaxed vibe, variety of tunes and quality beverages - blended together perfectly for an enjoyable venue that you’ll want to savour again and again.
With danger surrounding them, two emotionally wounded souls bond, but can they put their demons to rest and trust in love? Can they survive long enough to find out?
While you’re there, True/Slant’s parenting blogger, Karen Dukess, has a lovely review of Free-Range Kids, which she calls, “The Parenting Book That Beats Valium.” (I think I’m going to have a T-shirt made!) Her piece ends with a cool little story about why her own third grade son is hesitant to walk to school, even with his fifth grade brother.
I walked into the salon, the music was pumping and the place was decked out with faux head models wearing every flavor and size of wig, hair extension and several headpieces that involved various fruits and feathers. MA Fat Woman--you ain't in North Georgia no more, I thought to myself. As I stood with mouth agape staring at one particular headpiece that seemed to sway with the rhythm of the music a snappily-dressed Hispanic man munching on tortilla chips came out from the back. "Hola', you like hair sculptures?" he said with a sweep of his hand.
You’ve got my TwoCents! Share your TwoCents, comments, and feedback below! Can you believe there are only two episodes left until the spring finale?
This was a pretty inspiring time in my life. Music, and especially this piece, was playing a transformative role. The duet had come about by following the musical advice of my friend Pierre Bensusan, to sing the line and have the melody rendered reflect the voice. Employing this process really changes perspective on many aspects of guitar composing– how you finger the melody, for example, is quite different when it’s been touched by a voice.
But you know what sucks? After less than six months of usage the buttons get stuck, the trackpad gets faulty and you end up wanting to throw the friggin thing away. What sucks even more? For some reason Blackberry isn’t able to fix these issues with their units and they just end up replacing the one that you have given it’s still under warranty.
What is my driving force
The crowd cheered and a few yelled out, “Obama, Obama!”
Hump From Bending
don’t walk past and pretend you’re OK
Long-term illness, however, skews a relationship. Over the years, our world kept getting smaller and smaller, trapping us in a life where neither his needs nor mine were being met. In that constricted world, small betrayals loomed large. Small disagreements seemed insurmountable. And there was guilt galore. After he died, I worked through all of those leftover problems, came to a greater understanding of our relationship and what his ill health had done to us, and finally realized we both acted the only way we could in such an untenable situation. I also dealt with the soul searing pain of loss, with the confusing physical symptoms. (Like falling in love, falling in grief causes changes in hormones and brain chemistry, and creates incredible stress, but unlike love, you can’t regulate those changes with sex. Unless you’re into necrophilia.)
Shankar was now sure that something was being hidden from him. As if there’s something sinister about this place, but he wasn’t to find out. What could it have been?
The elephants were cunningly scared away by Timur's trick of setting light to camels and sending them crashing into the approaching elephants. Not so good for the camels, so probably not one to try if you wish to re-use your camels later.
She also pointed out that he was for­tunate that all four policies defined “total disability” as the inability to perform the “material and substantial” duties of one’s occupation (in Dr. Richter’s case, the duties of a gastroenterologist). Since those duties involved performing com­plex procedures, she advised him that insurers might deny his claim for “total disability” on the grounds that he could still continue to see patients without doing procedures.
To get such a candidate I believe they will need to think outside the box and recruit people who are not currently party members.
1 formidable
Through the migrant labour storyline, Spencer-Fleming is also able to show how we often only see what we want to see and not what is actually going on. Clare, although she had lived in Millers Kill for over two years at the point when the story starts, had not realised that there was such a large population of migrant workers. I love how the characters in the books are able to admit to their faults, that they had not seen the problem. Often, I find, people are supremely unwilling to admit to this.
Average granted rates were just over 4%.
She won the first prize in a nation-wide travel diary competition of the Turismo Brasil Service Magazine and got 7th place in a short story competition in Spain.
Our gorgeous bride Kate has had a great time playing princess with her small attendants. She has "ooohed" and "ahhhed" at all the right places and genuinely loved taking herself out of the adult realm of wedding stress to enjoy a bit of play before her big moment of the day. While all of the children have run off to burn away some sugar heightened energy levels, Kate takes a break of her own, to enjoy the moment before all eyes are on her. A bite of a buttery cupcake and a good book of love poetry perhaps?
Do you think the digital age has rendered traditional concepts of copyright obsolete, or do you think they are still relevant?
"I have to admit the greatest thrill I ever had was being on The Donny & Marie Show, said adorable Kristy McNichol. "I don't think it's any big secret that I've had a ~remendous crush on Donny Osmond for the longest time. The cast and crew of Family would always kid me because I have his picture hanging in my dressing room, it got to the point that I would even wear purple socks because it's Donny's favorite color.
TO FACE JUDGEMENT,
embellishments if wanted -I use buckeyes for the knob on lid
I still think that any fight that Yuk Yuk’s has with it’s competition is petty and useless – kind of like… hey, no need for name calling. And the way that the other clubs look at Yuk’s is the same thing. In the long run more clubs benefit more comics, which benefits more audiences with benefits the clubs – see how that works. It reminds me of a presentation Steve Jobs (you may have heard of him) gave at a Macworld conference in Boston and introduced Bill Gates on screen to talk about a deal between Microsoft and Apple. The crowd booed, it might well have been Emmanuel Goldstein (a 1984 reference). But Steve Jobs said something profound – we don’t need Microsoft to lose for us (apple) to win. We will succeed on our own merits.
I am not going to! I know many of you have also received these awards, and some of you do not wish to accept them, so I have decided to have a five prize giveaway instead!
God gave Solomon wisdom and very great insight, and a breadth of understanding as measureless as the sand on the seashore.
Two Hoots Golden Ale, Holt's
Yes, reading is important. I completely agree. And our kids (my kids) should be reading every night at home. But I just think the time requirements are a bit much, especially if you have more than one child in school (no wonder the Duggars home-school-can you imagine?)
Now that you've seen mine, you can head on over to Retro Cafe Art Gallery and take a look at the one that Kris made, as well as the other styles that the door shrines come in.
Not too many years later, the number of boxes in Parallel Sysplex / DB2 data sharing configurations started going down. Two key factors were at play here. First, IBM came out with internal coupling facilities (ICFs) -- basically allowing an organization to dedicate one or more mainframe engines and some mainframe memory to one or more LPARs that would run Coupling Facility Control Code instead of z/OS. That reduced Parallel Sysplex server "footprints," and saved companies some money, to boot (internal CFs are less expensive than their external cousins). The other development that had a reducing effect on the number of boxes found in the typical Parallel Sysplex was the introduction of ever-more-powerful mainframe servers -- machines featuring more engines and more MIPS per processor. Organizations found that they no longer needed five or eight or ten System z servers to get whopping huge amounts of processing capacity. The current flagship of the System z line, the z196, can have up to 80 general purpose processors with an aggregate capacity of more than 52,000 MIPS in ONE footprint (up to 16 additional processors can be configured as specialty engines, examples of which include internal coupling facility engines and zIIPs). Lash just a couple of these bad boys together in a 'Plex, and you've got one very highly scalable computing platform.
On the other hand, when novelist Ross Thomas spoke to my class, he claimed that he never started with an outline, that it took away the thrill of discovery. When his protagonist walked into a room, Ross told us, he wanted to be looking over his shoulder, just as surprised as his character.
Thou, promise of the Father, Thou
Completely unaware
Anyway, between the two of them, my sympathies were always with Mother Teresa. If you were sitting in rags in a gutter in Bombay, who would be more likely to give you a bowl of soup? You’d get one from Mother Teresa. Hitchens was always tight with beggars, just like the snotty Fabians who used to deprecate charity."""
Personally I love winter and I’m a little sad that it’s passing. But, there is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven Ecclesiastes 3:1(NIV). And so I’m looking forward to longer days, warmth and sunlight. I’m looking forward to ice in my drinks again and fresh summer salads. I’m looking forward to my tomatoes ripening and my herbs growing.
Prebook Date: February 29, 2012
What I miss: Not feeling bloated all the time!
So Twilight Sparkle is discovering more about her magical powers. Spike enjoys the moustache trick, of course – brilliant move on the part of the writers. Twilight’s fragile mood is shattered when the Great and Powerful Trixie comes to town. While Twilight is a humble student of magic, the Great and Powerful Trixie is a showboater who seems more eager to gain approval as the “best pony in Equestria” than to use her magic for any positive use. Already there’s a contrast between Twilight’s magic (self-manifesting, useful, social) and The Great and Powerful Trixie’s (contorts existing material, unhelpful, anti-social).
“Yeah, that dead seal down at the pier isn’t going to poke itself.” – Louise
Disclosure: I received the RediScan (and the temporal thermometer) mentioned in the review for free. These are my personal opinions.
Leave to cool for 10 minutes in the tin, then remove from tin to cool completely.
Darrell Issa held a hearing in Brooklyn titled ”Failure to Recover: The State of Housing Markets, Mortgage Servicing Practices, and Foreclosures.” It was filled mostly with members of the banking and regulatory community, as well as Edward Pinto of the conservative think-tank AEI. I love the “do-tank” nature of Pinto’s testimony, which states that the best thing we can do for the housing market – currently in the middle of several intense legal and regulatory disputes over allegations of systemic fraud – is to “Start by repealing the two biggest job killers – ObamaCare and Dodd-Frank.” Go Team Red!
Christians have been targeted by militias for murder and kidnapping — in part, some say, because many are likely to have family abroad able to pay ransom demands as high as $50,000.
Bit extreme?
This is probably one of my favorite times of the year. The weather is starting to turn off nice, with cool nights and warm days. The garden is planted (well, for the most part) and everything is nice and green. But the best part about this time of the year is that it’s finally time to start grilling again.
Conference organizer Nagib Callaos reportedly told Reuters that the paper was one of a small number accepted on a "non-reviewed" basis. "We thought that it might be unfair to refuse a paper that was not refused by any of its three selected reviewers. The author of a non-reviewed paper has complete responsibility of the content of their paper."
In 1960, Dr. William Thetford along with a David Saunders headed Helm’s MK-ULTRA Subproject 130: Personality Theory at Columbia University. Dr. Thetford conducted among other things TOP SECRET Personality Theory of Conversion Hysterics experiments.[45]
Good luck Danny, we are very proud of you!
- beta reading a completed novel for a good friend
When the advanced token manager launches, you will see the BIG Backup Activation button. Click it to begin backing up your token. All the “BBB” characters are just masking the real product key, don’t worry that is not your real product key.
Then thinking how much I would so love to be asked out to eat, surprised by the other’s treat of the meal, and how much I would really like a book from this morning’s speaker. So I looked the book up, checked my balance, was in the process of ordering when I stopped to check with my body instead of my mind. I got this immediate hesitation, darn and I really did want the book. But if I am going to learn to trust me…so I closed the screen and then received an immediate text from my Abe compadre about her having just ordered the book and Kindled it to me, would I like to go to lunch, her birthday treat to me.
Comeback Love is an evocative journey into the hearts of two lovers who came of age in the 1960s, and who never truly let each other go. Plumbing the depths of youth, regret, and desire, Peter Golden deftly illuminates the bonds that mysteriously endure in the face of momentous change.
A clear, pale marigold colour. Buttery oak, dusty crushed quartz rock, musky mandarin citrus spritz and faint hint of honeydew melon. Dry, full-bodied wine with incredible fruity acidity, 14.1% alc. Rich melon flavours with a residual edge of citrus pith, followed by a long creamy finish with a twist of navel orange. Perfect with soy braised fillets of red snapper garnished with sliced red chillis and spring onions. Drink now – 2020. 94/100.
Paul was not going to be the one to save his people from their sin. Jesus Christ was and is the only Saviour. Nor did Paul know what it would take to convince those of Israel to turn to the Lord. The sovereign Lord knew full well all these things, yes, even the possibilities of the future. He knew what would happen should Paul go against His will and remain in Jerusalem. It would be much the same that was happening here in Acts chapter 22; a full scale riot. He was actually seeking to spare His apostle unnecessary hardship.
it need some serious caulking!
Stone Brewing Co. Stone Imperial Russian Stout
Consider not using eye contact at all. You can imagine what this is like by picturing a conversation between you and a group of friends over lunch. What if you spoke to these friends without meeting any of their eyes for the duration of your lunch? Those friends would think you were dishonest, deceptive, or, even worse, crazy.
We collectively held our breath again, and as my uncle slowly applied pressure to the gas I remember thinking, “I will never forget this moment. I could have just died.” As we slowly inched down the rest of that mountain road that night I remember thanking Jesus repeatedly in my head for not being dead.
I've never written one before. I've never written one before because although I've started millions* of first drafts, I've only finished two and I've only revised one and now I'm at that stage where I suppose I have to do the dreaded synopsis, followed by the even more dreaded query letter.
Andrew’s parents arrived just in time for us to celebrate Peter’s birthday at Gordon Ramsey’s Restaurant on Hospital Road. We had a 3 course meal that was nothing short of spectacular, both in taste, decoration and menu. We ended up with an extra entrée and desert as a gift from the chef as we told them we were celebrating all 4 birthdays (which are within a few weeks of each other-good move!!)
2 inorganic
-Prima Chalk Fluid Edger Pad: Dry Sand
Here are the gorgeous creations from the DT...
And speaking of personalities, you and your groom should both feel comfortable with the person you’re interviewing. Your wedding photographer will be in your face all day and should be someone you like and want to be around.
The rules for selecting delegates vary from state to state — in the ones that assign delegates only after the primary, our ABO strategy may need to be modified. Caucus rules are particularly convoluted.
AVON CALLING
The most obvious traits of the psychopath are charisma, charm and a grandiose sense of self-worth, all somewhat positive traits. Many people actually like and are attracted to psychopaths whom they have just met, only to discover conning, manipulation and deceit—the dark side of this disorder—down the line. Unfortunately, in business coaching situations, it is quite common to find a blend of these traits among executive clients—in the form of self-confidence, assertiveness and influence skills—and to misinterpret them.
However, for some whose luck seems to be so illusive, they have to find their own growth somewhere else. That is why most of them opted for executive job searches, where they hope that someday they would be lucky enough to find the executive job that they have long been dreaming for.
Cienfuegos contains architectural gems like the Thomas Terry theatre, the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception, the government palace, and the Lion House, so called because of its imposing feline statues.
Do you want to see something powerful happen – fasting can be a key to having it happen. Isaiah 58:6 says this; “Is this not the fast which I choose, To loosen the bonds of wickedness, To undo the bands of the yoke, And to let the oppressed go free And break every yoke?” Let me ask you – do you have bonds of wickedness in your life that needs to be broken? Do you have things in life that are weighing you down? Do you feel oppressed and need to break free? Fasting is one of the ways that the Lord tells us that these things are broken. I encourage you to fast for a spiritual breakthrough because fasting can a part of encountering God.
In short, the controller needs to understand that the accounting department is primarily a cost center for which cost minimization is expected, but only within the goals of maximizing inbound cash flows, providing excellent financial analysis, and issuing financial reports as rapidly as possible.
Atheism is thus deep foolishness and escapism and nothing more.
ABOUT THE MOVIE
To understand the nature of grand strategy is to see that we’re doing it badly. The late American strategist Col. John Boyd (USAF) said that a grand strategy focused our nation’s actions — political, economic, and military — so as to:
Happy Garden Eating! :D
Within minutes, after being deluged with outraged phone calls and emails, TNT issued an apology. "It's unfortunate Morgan showed a lack of judgment on our air with his inappropriate comments," said Turner spokesman Jeff Pomeroy in a statement. But of course, since Morgan is not a TNT employee, he cannot be fired.
“And yet, in spite of these facts, CAMRA is being criticised for refusing to embrace keg beer. It seems scarcely credible, yet the question of CAMRA and keg raised its over-carbonated head at the annual SIBA conference in February. Some SIBA members are either making keg beer or are considering doing so and wanted to know what the Campaign’s attitude would be. My reply – and it was a personal one – was that if some brewers want to make keg they are perfectly free to do so but, given the current success of cask beer, I thought they would do better to concentrate on real ale.”
I finally found their tiny house, very modest, with a happy dog in the small scruffy but flower filled garden. A lady came out to greet me. Beautiful. Walking tall, her elegance strangely out of place in such a modest setting.
last long so take it rapidly. We'll have to see if anything
I really came to like Addisyn. She knew what she wanted and set out to get it. One of the things she wanted was Greysan, an angel in her Link. The romance grew slowly and made me remember the confusion and self doubt of young love. And the anticipation! Remember this feeling?
I just happened to be at the gallery last weekend, during the second Sacramento African American Art Collective (SAAAC) Art Walk, and this patron was there looking at the artwork for the third time.
When I was in San Francisco this past weekend, I was able to visit the Wildflower Linen showroom in Potrero Hill. Thanks so much, Lily, for taking time out of your busy weekend (AND day off) to show me your beautiful linens. I really appreciate it. Needless to say, I was in love with all the colors and fabrics! :)
Suzan
And how I will always think about it,
I know I’m making horrible decisions— potentially deadly choices— but the bigger part of me believes this is what’s best for me. I feel like if my body doesn’t portray what the media is encouraging it to, I will fail. I will disappoint myself and more importantly, the monster I’ve allowed to move in. It’s an unhealthy state of mind, I know, but makes me stronger in the long run. If I can just prove the statistics wrong, show that I’m not one, I’ve reached success.
Warning: Sexist and NOT SAFE for work. (My wife thought it was hilarious, though.)
- Netflix!
I am always looking for fun ways for students to practice making words during literacy centers. I like using colorful magnetic letters. It really seems to engage the students.
I guess I could keep writing for a while. Coming up with a Halloween costume is fun and a little creativity goes a long way.
She had a surgery in Singapore on June 8, Wednesday. My husband and our daughter had been in Singapore since last Sunday. I flew out there in the evening of June 7, Tuesday to join them for the surgery right after I found out the schedule for it. The surgery went well and our little girl is doing fine. Three of us flew back to Jakarta today, June 10, Friday and we were reunited with our first daughter.
Nowhere to go, Ted replied, “Yeah, well, times have changed, man.”
The past few days though her and Allie have had a horrible cold resulting in needing the nose blown about every five minutes. Instead of having to walk the 10 extra steps into the bedroom each time to retrieve a kleenex I decided to keep them up high on the couch. I was in the other room helping Allie go potty when I came back in I found this...
Row 19: Knit
*Spotted on the Folly Theater's calendar: Join with a group of stellar Kansas City musicians as we depart on a narrated journey of musical “time travel.” Starting in the early 1900s, we explore how America’s “melting pot” of many cultures provided the ingredients for the development and evolution of our country’s original the true meaning of our country's original musical art form – Jazz! This Folly Theater Production is high energy, great toe-tappin’ fun! The event is April 4, 2013.
Recently, Trey's lease on his car ended and we decided to be a little more thrifty so instead of getting him a new car, he downgraded to my Xterra and I downgraded to one of the summer work vans! Minivans aren't necessarily considered cool, but they're probably even less cool when you don't even have kids to put in them. Here's what I'm cruising in these days...
The winds of change are blowing through Thebes. A devastating palace fire has killed the 18th dynasty’s royal family— all with the exception of Nefertari, niece of the reviled former queen Nefertiti. The girl’s deceased family has been branded as heretical, and no one in Egypt will speak their names. A relic of a previous reign, Nefertari is pushed aside, an unimportant princess left to run wild in the palace. But all of this changes when she is taken under the wing of pharaoh’s aunt, and brought to the Temple of Hathor where she is educated in a manner befitting a future queen.
They come watching, turning, and seeing
WHOEVER HEARD MR. OBAMA’S CONVERSATION WITH THE RUSSIAN PRESIDENT LATELY ,SHOULD THINK TWICE BEFORE VOTING TO RE ELECT MR.OBAMA.
Leadership Retreats are important- do them!
I'd like to extend my deepest, warmest and most sincere appreciation to John and Joe, proprietors and family owners of DeSTEFANO's STEAK & CHOPS, -
are much more comforting than bagels and lox, which people perceive as Jewish Food.
and some who surely will.
She was retested for her allergies just after the start of school and completely out grew her wheat and soy allergies. YAY! This is also a whole post in itself.
he laughed again.
"Attack it! Attack it!"
pinched stitched & penciled and carries an old quilt scrap sack
But I really want the orange blob (which when looking closer, the top part is like a flame — more cuter saying orange blob)! It’s just so adorable and you can never feel sad after watching this advert. I love the bit where it’s looking at itself on the laptop ^__^
After this experience, Brother Linus wants to organize the book market planned for June "completely differently".
"Knowledge is a mighty thing to have in the hand, but I would trade it all if I could only understand." -- Author Unknown
3) Add lime juice, tequila, triple sec, and cooled simple syrup to the watermelon
S: How do you deal with people who have negative things to say about your music?
Article VI, of the Constitution, which are not invoked for the passage of Commonwealth Act No. 671.
The Usual NBC Line-Up
It is about time to bring our southwest trip to a close. Beginning in Phoenix (Arizona Birding), we made our way to the Grand Canyon (Who Stole the Grand Canyon), then Zion National Park (Shroud over Zion), and finally arrived at Bryce Canyon National Park. Except for gale-force winds, we couldn’t have asked for a more beautiful day to welcome us to this geological wonderland! Some fresh snow from the previous night lingered, while the clouds were working their way in an easterly direction. The biting wind-chill kept many of the tourists at bay, so those of us that braved the day were rewarded with a peaceful visit. As astounding as the hoodoos, cliffs and weathered mountainsides were, the cloud formations were amazing, and really enhanced the breathtaking landscapes. Unfortunately the images posted below don’t do justice to the scenes, but if you haven’t yet visited Bryce Canyon, they might at least give you some encouragement to make it a destination on your bucket list. All of the images will open to a larger format if you click on them.
I still contend a dozen years later that running 19 laps around a gym is ridiculous.
06 Have A Cigar
As a Christian viewer, you would like to believe that there is some sort of healing in this confession. Protestants might reject the ‘catholic’ nature of the confession, and decry the fact that the priest does not offer grace freely – that he expects something from Corleone. But surely it is right that confession without change (without repentence) accomplishes nothing. Too often we pedal what Dietrich Bonhoeffer calls ‘cheap grace’ – grace without price. But while redemption is freely and graciously available to all, it has to be appropriated, as Bonhoeffer goes on to note, grace is costly – what cost God the life of the son cannot be cheap for us. Likewise, notwithstanding his confession, Corleone fails to repent – to change, and so he misses out on the redemption that is in fact available to him.
By the way, having now seen the film The Avengers, I like Hawkeye's recent redesign even less. The costume seems like a compromise between something comic book Hawkeye and Jeremy Renner's movie Hawkeye would wear, but from the neck up Hawkeye looks like Smallville Green Arrow, with a fuller head of hair than Renner's military cut, and with Cyclops-like sci-fi style sunglasses apparently embedded in his face. Maybe it will grown on me. It's not like it's the worst superhero costume redesign I've seen in the past few months or anything.
“I really hated those tapes,” says Lane. ”They were just a bunch of live Clapton sets and things of that nature. There was a Nat King Cole tape that was good though. The collage is definitely a sentimental thing for me though.”
There are 4 kinds of people in this world,
Part of our traveling took us to Indianapolis, the headquarters for the area executive covering Latin America and the Caribbean division of Global Ministries. There we embraced by our partners, took part in a debriefing, a psychological interview and attended several meetings where we redefined our responsibilities for the next few months.
3. My parents
the hotel man makes a note behind his potted palm.
That’s a broad range of influences. Some I expect he is reacting against, others responding too. And that is how it should be. But I was very surprised to read he’d never watched either of the British shows. As I go through the review I’ll highlight some common ground.
Bake for 15-18 minutes or until just golden and coming away from the sides of the pan. Turn the oven down to 180°C/350°F.
An appointment that had been scheduled ahead of time......
I’m still baffled because I’m a lazy-holic…those of you reading this who know me well will attest to this. I got D’s in PE for heaven’s sake. So not only am I a lazy-holic, I don’t have an athletic bone in my body. That is changing…every day. Every day that I get up and head out that door to walk for 45 minutes or go to the gym to increase my strength and endurance creates change in me. Change that I have done myself and that I am thankful for the determination to make happen. I’m sure there is research out there about how exercise changes your hormones and endorphins and such but I just know how I feel. In the midst of a pretty ugly chronic disease, I feel the best I’ve felt since college. I’m 42 years old and I’ve just found the fountain of youth.
We must observe that Jesus Christ did not present anything positive. We are told, in this modern day, that we (as preachers) must be more positive in our approach. Three days passed as Saul considered his personal plight. During that time he prayed. I am assured that he was agonizing in prayer for his eternal destiny was in a balance.
Painefull Out
I placed my hand into his and then the whole world shifted.
WANDA- "Hi Sylvia. How did you die?"
This type of stuff gets slightly on my tits. A standard product ought to be reliable enough to be standard, with variants clearly branded as extensions. Not a fan of the notion of different ABV’s for the same brands depending on where you drink it. It is piss poor.
MY DEAR SIR GEORGE,
Giving up my search, I back away from the window and nearly trip over my luggage. It is lying on the ground at the foot of my queen sized bed, stuffed to busting with clothing, half of which I probably will not wear. I was stupid to have packed that much. He had told me so, but I didn't care. I just needed to get away. Away from the familiar, away from the stress, from the work, the everyday, mundane activities that were slowly eating away at my very soul. It was all too much.
Three pounds of cheap polish sausage.
The Duchess of Langeais
In recent years the Tory party abandoned nationalism to promote Globalism. Its traditional supporters are still marooned. There is not a single Conservative councillor in Newcastle, Sheffield, Liverpool or Manchester and the party is hardly any better off in many other places while the working classes or most people in Scotland and Northern England will never be reconciled with them. Where the Liberal Democrats have become the main opposition to Labour they are likely to suffer a fall in popularity due to their coalition with the Tories at national level. Yet no organisation is capable of countering a proper critique of globalisation when we begin to offer a proper one.
On Mink’s turn, we’re really not sure what to do because two potential humans/potential cylons are now in the brig, and no one knows if that should change or stay the same. Frank convinces Mink to Executive Order Frank to use his once-per-game — and to check all of my Loyalty Cards, knowing that if he can confirm that I’m human, then he can confirm that Brent is human as well since I vouched for him earlier.
In a letter dated September 14, 1940, Mrs. May E. Campbell (state director of the WPA’s Professional and Service Projects) and Colbert F. Crutchfield (state supervisor of the Historical Records Survey) jointly described the cemetery survey work: “these records were compiled as a sort of side line to their work of surveying church records. They were requested to fill in their time between appointments with church officials by listing near-by cemeteries…. The worker prepares a cemetery form, containing pertinent data about the location and condition of the cemetery and a list containing an entry for each stone, giving only the factual information thereon. This material is forwarded to the Raleigh office of the Survey, where a card for each cemetery and for each stone is typed. The cemetery cards are filed in alphabetical order within each county in separate files. The tombstone cards are filed in straight alphabetical order by surname for the state as a whole. Each tombstone card, of course, carries the name of the cemetery and the county. The cemetery itself can be located by reference to the former file.” The writers further state that the work “is not by any means complete, as we consider it a by-product of the church records work and do not attempt to cover all cemeteries or any particular locality. We have to-date filed approximately 5,023 cemetery cards and 177,044 tombstone cards.”
This will actually cover 2 weeks - last week & this week.
Since brown sugar is not readily available in Kerala, mamma substitutes it with 3/4th cup of sharkara paani (jaggery syrup) or a cup of jaggery. If using the syrup, make sure you use 2 cups of boiling water instead on 1 3/4.
“You have heard that it was said, “Love your friends, hate your enemies”. But now I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so that you may become the children of you Father in heaven.”
According to The Rules of Typography, boldface text is to be used sparingly. “Reserve boldface for items that can be set entirely in bold, and avoid mixing with normal, or non-boldface, text,” says the typo rule-maker.
We had to move sooner rather than later. There was no offer in Board Chair Don Vrooman’s email to our parent applicant suggesting an alternate, future date anyway. So we took to the pavement with our placards and made some harmonious noise.
Pink Floyd- Up The Khyber
Lionsgate make some cheap movies. That said, they had to know this was going big. Could have been a little over 3 hours and double the budget and they’d have made money. It needed it. It needed more immersion.
I wanted beer and The Craft Beer Co, in Clerkenwell, as my first port of call in my mini London pub tour was going to provide it.. Much has been written about it (Mr Dredge , Mr Tandleman and Mr Ghost Drinker cover it well) since it opened a couple of months ago. It's the sister pub of the Cask Pub and Kitchen in Pimlico and in it's short time trading, Craft Beer Co has managed to attract a keen following drawn to it's huge and eclectic collection of home grown and international cask and keg beer.
* head pains and pressures radiating down into the temples and side jaw area
An hour or more into our visit, Levon finally sat down at the kitchen table. This was obviously a meeting place for all who visited his home, as there were few other obvious locales to sit down and chat. Levon, Joe and Steve joined me at the table, and Levon reached into a bowl and pulled out a stinky bud of weed and began breaking it down and rolling it up. Clearly, I thought, this was a habit that had not died with his cancer battle. I thought "This probably helped him through those 29 chemo therapies he'd gone through." So I felt it was an honor to smoke the ganja with Levon. But the weed was so extraordinary in quality, it began affecting my mood, and I began to regret smoking it after a while.
I bit off the last chunk of my apple and threw the core into the compost bin hidden by the velvet drapery on the walls. The same two stairs as last year squeaked under my feet. My fingers slid over the smooth finish on the tables in the third row as I moved to the fourth section. No one ever sat over here. I sank into the last armchair and stilled. After a minute, the lights shut off to conserve the gas.
Once the drawer is built, we're ready to put the drawer slides on the drawer following the instructions that came with the slides (just use the included screws to attach the slides, clamping them on to make sure they're on snug). Also, we used Home Depot's Amerock 22" Self-Closing Drawer Slides. These are basically the cheapest ones you can get ($7.50 per drawer) but they work just fine and I definitely don't need nicer drawer slides in a closet than I have in my kitchen. Once both slides are on, we're ready to take the drawer inside and install the drawer slides on the support boards.
He argued that the tolls had to be enforced to enable the SA National Roads Agency (Sanral) to repay its loan of R20-billion, used to finance the improvement of highways around Pretoria and Johannesburg in the last two years.
We had a fun Thanksgiving weekend with family and friends. We spent turkey day at Pat's house with family on Kyle's side and then the Hoffman's (fam on Jill's side) came over on Friday morning and stayed with us for one night. Quality time with family is very important to us and we are thrilled that Brodie already has so many awesome memories of fun times spent with cousins. Love it. The Lord has blessed us so and we are grateful to Him and for Him.
Dr. Mosse expounds on the claim that comic books provide an outlet for a child's innate "aggressiveness". First she goes into a discussion about Sigmund Freud's theory of the "death instinct", an instinct she believes comic books play on. As opposed to a "life instinct", the "death instinct" needs an outlet and is a powerful obstacle to culture, explaining all forms of violence from wars to discrimination, cruelty and exploitation. According to Dr. Mosse, "aggression" is a state of readiness to commit an act of cruelty and cause pain in others/oneself, and that aggression comes from "frustration", which is then channeled towards "fantasy" and stimulated by "desire" or "wish fulfillment".
- Jeni uses Ugandan vanilla beans, but I used some beautiful ones that I'd ordered online recently. I usually rub the vanilla seeds into the sugar to keep them from clumping together but this time I forgot. As it turned out, with all of the whisking in this recipe, the seeds separated and were dispersed nicely.
I hope you like this card.You can put in several sayings in the bottle which makes this set fun!
Postma MJ, Bos JM, van Gennep M, Jager JC, Baltussen R, Sprenger MJ. Economic evaluation of influenza vaccination. Assessment for The Netherlands. Pharmacoeconomics 1999; 16 (Suppl.): 40.
Overdose yourself on pills? You only have Vitamin C in your medicinal cabinet.
It will all be joining this Jamie Reid poster:
“Bast— I mean, jerks.” Lily says, correcting herself. She’s been trying to watch her language around their daughter, but it’s obviously not working. If it hadn’t been for Alfonso, the girl would probably be speaking like a truck driver by now.
MW: Probably four or five.
The airborne units will transmit to four strategically located ground-based receiver sites providing city-wide coverage and the ability to simultaneously receive real-time images from two aircraft for viewing at the Office of Emergency Management and Communications (OEMC) operations center. An additional three receive systems will be installed in the city's mobile command vehicles to facilitate field operations.
On Wed., five members of the team volunteered at Snack Shack at Mariucci arena during High School hockey section finals. On Saturday, 14 of us went to the Reed Sweatt Tennis Center and helped with tennis drills and other various activities.
It is as simple as that.
My god, I feel so exposed ! For those of you who don’t know me personally, I’d love to hear which of the 7 attributes you think are true. For those of you who know me in the “real” world, don’t be tools and spoil it for everyone else.
Armed with little more than her enthusiasm, she charges headlong into London, baffling the locals in her pursuit of a new life, new love and sense of herself.
It rises to the surface in raging waves of anger, exposing the heart
I know how much all of us hate digging our nails into pot-packed products. There are times when tube products aren't our best friends so, pumps are always the best!
About this time, perhaps 2007, I became very aware that with my life about to be reoriented toward getting a new business off the ground, a rapidly changing competitive landscape locally, and more world and American beers available as “guests” than ever before, the Pizzeria & Public House’s draft and bottled beer program (both guest crafts and guest imports) was in serious need of a rethink and some sort of upgrade so that it could remain among the best.
The Concho River flows through downtown San Angelo. It attracts many species of water birds, and the stars of the show are the Great Blue Herons, (Ardea herodias). The whole riverwalk area is a beautiful thing in itself. A beautiful nine-hole golf course is one of the attractions. In this area across the street from the course are three of the herons’ nests. Two on the closest side of the river and one nest across the river. An acquaintance of mine had informed me that the chicks had recently hatched and it may not be long before they fledge.
# Pass out and not remember a thing that happened.
a new exhaust hood
The Midnight Reverie Trio, The Awarians and Gasoline will get together on a special evening in order to support a good cause.
Day Tours
I have used the free version of Story Builder for a couple of years and loved it so much I just bought 3 more of their other apps.
YES says Jonathan Craig, DUP member of Policing Board
Surprisingly, the bold controls able-bodied appliance dual-analog, although I still adopt my C-buttons for strafing. AI is in actuality the aloft as it was in 2000, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Enemies are acute abundant to hunt you, yield awning abaft walls, abandonment or go kung-fu and action if disarmed, and investigate analytical sounds and objects; but they're not so acute that you can't still toy with them and set up adequately attainable ambushes. In fact, abreast from the animation and ambassador itself, about aggregate in the XBLA absolution is identical to the N64 original.
Santa probably gets cold, right? So, why not leave out a can of Campbells chicken and stars soup, (nothing but the best from us), directions to the microwave, (the handle sticks so make sure you slam it closed), Chapstick, (cherry flavored), and deer jerky. Sure, we could've prepared the soup ourselves but we didn't know when he'd show up and nobody likes cold soup, amiright? And okay, so the Chapstick was dug out from the bottom of Mom's purse, but it's the thought that counts, right?
Oh and the sentiment inside the card reads "For you Valentine"
EFFECTS- DAY 1
When I got to the Gladney office, I went into the conference room to wait. I was letting Ruthie Mekdes wander around in the room. She is very curious. She wandered into the hall but was still in my line of vision. When she walked out where I couldn't see her, I got up to bring her back to me. I took a couple of steps to where I could see the offices in the hall perpendicular to the one we were in. I glanced up at someone coming toward us and immediately knew it was Mekdes' mom. She walked to Mekdes and picked her up and held her. I went to grab the camera to try to capture the moment and started to sob.
Just before the announcement at 9 am, Bush Sr. ordered the demolition of World Trade Center to stop the international banking computers on floors one and two, in the North Tower from initiating the new U.S. Treasury Bank system. Explosives in the World Trade Center were planted by both CIA and Mossad operatives and detonated remotely in Building 7 which was demolished later that day in order to cover-up their crime.
In the aftermath of the genocide, many women who had been imprisoned in rape camps were not only traumatised they were stigmatised because they had HIV and babies as a result of their rapes. But they overcame even these obstacles because, as one woman describes it, “Since all of us had suffered from this, we were able to support each other. That is what saved us.” . . .(1)
The aperture ring offers 3 different graphics. I assume this was done to make it completely obvious for everyone using it. The right side offers apertures of 11, 16 and 22. The top is a visual representation of the aperture opening, from wide to small. The left side offers sunlight variations.
The two IPA factions could no longer keep the peace, diplomatic solutions had fallen on deaf ears and the discussions and civil cries had been a waste of time. There was only room for one IPA in this town, and that would have to be decided on the battlefield.
Of course you are not going to release your book like a movie, but setting a date, informing your public and then continuing to promote your book will drive sales.
The nature of the siege also gets a few winks but not a ton of devoted efforts. For example, while there are some siege weapons brought into play both for offense and defense, it's more the nature of man against man that takes the spotlight. In terms of healing, no dedicated doctors here. Burn those wounds closed or choke off the blood flow and fight on. There is an innovative use of pigs where the pig fat burns so quickly and so hot that it essentially acts as a cannon being fired straight upward and that destroys a large chunk of the castle but that required some sapping, some digging under the castle proper to use.
I think the information presented in the article underscores how tough a task the SoCon has in trying to emulate the CAA. Besides having larger schools that play in bigger arenas (for the most part), most of the CAA schools don’t have to worry about football. The CAA probably also benefits to a degree from having more of its schools located in larger metro areas, although that can be a double-edged sword.
For the curing mix:
Background consistency check : Disabled
Percieves the one in need.
The B-Side is more of this totally weird, shitty microphones, distorted PA systems sound, I love that he's just freestyling with pump up banter like some kind of Bob Log pro wrestler.
But who comes out as HORROR CHAMP SUPREME??????? Let's do this!
I recommend this for any doggie, My mom found this at a special store at Westpark mall in Strongsville, Ohio. It came from the same store that my daddy got me the big cookie shaped like a bone and the dog brick puzzle game. The links will take you to my YouTube videos of demonstrating both these items. Woof! Woof!
Do you know who or what Snopes is? Snopes is about as reliable as Wikipedia. It’s a husband and wife team running a website out of California. To suggest that they have any better information about the cost of this junket than the writers if the Indian Press Trust is risible.
I am counting down!!! Monday starts week 14 of 16, and that last week ends on Wednesday! After that, I'll be free until the last two weeks of August.
Welcome to hell!
*Speed healing of ulcers – kills h.pylori on contact
Hope:(fanning herself to blow whiffs of fragrance his way) Getting any ideas?
Cut the Rope Lite: a super fun, cute, entertaining physics puzzle game - we may have to shell for the full version of this since we keep running through the early puzzle set;
Tuesday was another busy day from start to finish. We spent the first half of the day at an orphanage called the Robin’s Nest Children’s Home. There were a number of kids ranging from 2 months to 12 yrs old. I think our students really enjoyed playing with the kids there. Apart from playing with the kids, the guys helped out in their new building that was under construction called ‘Jake’s House’. The setting of this place was amazing. It sat on top of a mountain so you could look out for miles in every direction. It was really beautiful! I think we all wanted to take a child home with us by the time we left.
“RACISM AGAINST GREEKS”
I know you’re scared of what they could do
In the second example the suggestion is mentally presented. They, the boss’s mates are making life hard for her. So they mentally suggest “ramming it down my throat” and she would mistake this as her own thoughts. And these people do not have to be very closely related in this case because they are right there relating to her and making life hard for her. If they are regular clients and she worked there for a long time, she would know them well –the entanglement is stronger. However if they make these suggestions directly to her, while in the office, then they can rely on a more casual relationship.
Everything they eat is in season RIGHT NOW.
99. V. Ovid, Metamorphoses, vi, Philomela.
Brinjals, 2pc, cut into bite sizes
The last couple of weeks I have been reading Charles Murray‘s new book Coming Apart in my spare time. It is a worthwhile book to read, written by a careful researcher. One thing that struck me as strange for such a well researched and informative book was the use of graphs starting at some number such as 0% and rising to say 5% and comparing it to graphs starting at say 0% and running to 100%. A serious problem arises because a change from 1% to 5% is a 400 percent increase but a change from 95% to 99% is only a 4% increase.
The Yanks have a whole section in the rule book about defence; sorry, ‘dee-fence’ which is divided into sections on ‘psychological’, ‘blowing and fingering’ (!??!) and ‘ball blocking’. All of these, I assume, are legal in all but three States. Psychological defence, or ‘shit-talking’ consists of abuse, distracting visual cues and arm waving and grotesque facial expressions. As for the second section, I’ll let the Americans explain it for themselves;
On that exciting note, have a great weekend!
+Trevor has always taken it upon himself to do his own laundry. For that I am grateful, however... he doesn't like to put his shirts in the dryer and has developed the wonderful habit of hanging them all over the apartment to dry. He also has developed the habit of never picking them up from where they dry and putting them away, so I end up eating meals next to clean shirts? Baby steps I guess... haha
these things you didn’t get because you weren’t mature enough to handle the
NOTE: A fool’s wrath is presently known: but a prudent man covereth shame
Monday 2nd January - a pretty casual day, with a lunch at Nick's grandfather's house for his name day, and then seeing my parents for the afternoon and dinner.
Also, if you have to have corned beef and cabbage for St. Patrick's Day, Randall's has corned beef brisket tips on sale for $1.99/lb. and green cabbage on sale for .39/lb. through tomorrow. You will need a Remarkable card to get these prices.
A MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL,
Washing kids hands is consistent here, I make them wash their hands about as much as I do, I like for them to be germ free, to cut back on getting sick. I really loved this product, it works well with my kids sensitive skin and makes a nice lather. And knowing it's Pure and Free makes me feel a lot better knowing what my kids are using, instead of harsh chemicals!!
The cake is dense and moist and the lime cream and strawberry filling is light and flavorful and just plain delicious. I am so enthralled with this cake that I am going to make it for myself on my birthday. Strawberry season or not I'm having this cake come November! This is actually officially my new favorite white cake recipe too. I think I'll burn all the rest and this will take it's place. It would be incredible with any kind of filling or frosting.
Outside the European Parliament in Brussels stands a section of the Berlin Wall, a testament to the reasons underlying the creation of the European Union. The broken Wall is proof that we are stakeholders in the largest post-conflict political project the world has seen. In the wake of a bitter and divisive conflict, a few individuals took steps to ensure that, as the Schuman Declaration reads, war became not merely unthinkable, but materially impossible. Robert Schuman was one of the pioneers of the European Project, and it was his hope that from the fusion of economic interests could grow a wider and deeper community between those who had long been in conflict- in essence, what we would all like to see in Northern Ireland. The passage of time has proved Schumann to be correct- in Europe, we are moving towards an ever closer Union. The concept of this myriad of European nations coming together would have been unimaginable in times past, and illustrates only the wide ocean of potential that lies before Northern Ireland.
lots of love for a wall.
Then a few weeks later came my encounter with Eating the Dinosaur. I figured it had an awesome title–I mean, who doesn’t want to talk about dinosaurs and I may be a vegetarian but sure, what the heck? Let’s talk about eating them–and it was by Chuck Klosterman, who I was still very much crushing on at that moment. I could not fathom any way possible for this book to disappointment. Boy, was I wrong. I’m not saying it was a bad book. The writing was still brilliantly snarky and satirical. It was a great look at pop culture. But it just didn’t affect me the same way Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs did. And that led to a lot of disappointment on my end. I am still standing by that someone with much more knowledge of the pop culture in Eating the Dinosaur would probably enjoy it as much as I did his first book I read. I think that’s my problem. I was familiar and well-educated on many of the topics in Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs or, at least, they were things that I could quickly form vaguely intelligent opinions on. So, I decided to give Klosterman another try…
Dear friends and followers, every day I receive emails from readers, most of them professionals, from all over the world, asking me where to find Belgian companies, specialized in decoration and interior design. As I really have not the time to answer all of your emails, I decided to post about the Belgian companies of which I might think they are worth talking about and of which I am sure they represent our Belgian interior design style.
Super 8 (very good)
In my case, my dad called a teacher and the three pupils who were bullying me were spoken to, but not actually punished. I was so scared at the time. I thought the boys would give me a harder time for speaking up. What actually happened though was that they left me alone after that. One of them even apologised to me. I was able to enjoy my final year in school. Sadly, I’d spent the previous two years being very unhappy and I wish I’d spoken up sooner.
9. Boy Lilikoi
The next 146 pages provide very detailed Canon camera and Speedlite specific information. However, if you use other equipment, you can still benefit from this section. The presentation is such that a general need or application is described and a general solution is proposed. This is good basic information for any photographer. The presentation then shows how to execute the proposed solution with Canon equipment. If you use other equipment, skip this part. If you use Canon equipment, you will find yourself making bookmarks as the book rather quickly becomes an often used reference manual.
Understand, I can well imagine how terribly annoying it is to be deluged with advice on a regular basis about everything you do. But if people truly want to give me something, I would rather receive their wisdom and their true opinion of me than more things.
Entering but for a minute I see a sight beyond all the pictures and
One query per person.
Beat the melted butter and sugar together with a wire whisk or hand mixer for abt 15 seconds. (Don’t bother getting out your electric kit for this; it’s all pretty quick and easy…)
I’ll be adding them to my shop over the next couple of days, but if anyone would like one before that, just send me an email and I’ll put it to one side for you. They cost £11.99, and are completely washable and tumble-dry beautifully. My children have been using their ones for the last 2 years and all I do is throw them into the wash at the end of the week – no more smelly lunchboxes! As the outsides are made using good quality cotton, they last really well too, the ones we use still look as good as new, even after 2 years of weekly washing.
Middle middle: tinselly pandas, inside Emporium
35. Smurfs-”lala la la la la, la la la la la”
Congratulations, Tatkis!
and things going easy
Guinness didn't.
Across the Atlantic, Theo becomes suspicious when Rachel misses their weekly internet chat. He discovers a report online saying she's killed herself and travels to Scotland to find her, certain that she's been kidnapped. A clue leads him to Elijah's mysterious clinic, where ths sinister Aphrodite Experiment is underway. But why does Elijah need to track Rachel down so badly? And what is the ultimate ransom that he demands for her?
Usually known simply as mochi, this treat is more accurately named Daifukumochi (Daifuku for short). Daifukumochis are made with mochi, a sticky rice cake, shaped like a ball which is stuffed with a sweet paste or or small fruits inside. The most common sweet stuffing is red
We got caught off guard and so we all got split up, and I ended up finding some of my family members & former classmates & I followed them to a new location slightly outside of the city.
3 zoologist
And here’s number 3 in my latest series, pieces inspired by Cowboy Bebop episode titles. This one’s called “Honky Tonk Women.”
As he is sipping his beer, a skinny guy walks in wearing a pair of glasses with tape around the middle, a pocket protector with twelve kinds of pens and pencils, and a belt that is at least a foot too long. The bartender, without saying a word, pulls out a shotgun and blows the guy away.
Sometimes this true love necessarily takes the tone of tough love. Her lessons of obedience and accountability must resemble those of her Master, who said, “If ye love me, keep my commandments.” (John 14:15; see also Ex. 20:6; Deut. 5:10; Mosiah 13:14; D&C 46:9; D&C 124:87.)
Is it unwise to see “forever” in another person? When all feels perfect, we continue never having control of another person’s heart or change of decisions for what they believe in. Perhaps the wise people in love see a “hope of forever” rather than a belief in it. Well, past is past and gone, but I want to continue in life using any wisdom I’ve gathered along the way and avoid perceptions that are perhaps unwise.
Different from the Western celebrations for New Year, Chinese New Year must be celebrated at home with all the family members getting together, a bit like our Christmas. Traditions and rituals are often very carefully observed. Usually everyone wears something red in colour as a way to ward off the evil spirits and particular foods are eaten as a sign of good luck. While most families celebrate at home, famous restaurants are also a New Year hotspot. One of those is a famous restaurant south of the Forbidden City, called 都一处, read “Duyichu” meaning “The Single Place of the Capital”. This restaurant was originally built in 1738, the third year of the reign of Emperor Qianlong of the Qing Dynasty. The name “Duyichu” was granted by the Emperor after he had tasted the restaurant’s extremely good food during that year’s New Year celebrations. Even today, many people from all around China come here to taste the food that had been previously praised by the emperor himself.
Raisin Cake
11. Do you think your teenage years have influenced you as a writer? If so, how?
This month, our ladies are service industry detours representing the great shops at
glory to God” (Romans 4:20). Abraham had God’s Word as evidence and spoke in
According to the latest Social Weather Stations survey, President Aquino’s net satisfaction rating dropped from “very good” to “good.” Bad.
Now you might think that that would be the end of it, but I was then faced with the prospect of writing my profile. Up to 2,000 characters “describing yourself, your interests and your ideal first date”.
With the market booming, more bodies are needed, both to handle the influx of volume and to manage fallout when Account Executives peace-out to work for a competitor. This doesn’t happen a lot, but it’s a common enough occurrence that corporate began hitting up college campuses over the last year to recruit some of the “finest talent in the country”. As they say.
On a different note, we see huge benefits for the volunteers who participate in making programmes. They come shy and inexperienced but soon have vastly improved confidence and communication skills to mention several, through organising and completing a production’.
Noise, Light, Traffic and Parking
We have a number of walnut trees at our new house, but there is this one in particular that grows huge walnuts. State Fair prize winner sized walnuts. I mean, look at that thing! In the past week, those green hulls have started cracking open, almost like flowers to reveal the walnuts inside of them. We’ve been having great fun collecting them, my youngest son and I. One of his favorite activities at school is the nut cracking activity and knowing that his teacher is always in need of walnuts, he runs out there to collect her a bag as often as he thinks of it.
The attacks of September 11, 2001, opened the floodgates and provided the foundation for mainstreaming the use of torture and dismissing moral objections to the practice. Abu Ghraib, the torture memos of John Yoo, and the award-winning Fox TV series 24 all acted as a sadistic pornography that worked like slow acid to desensitize much of the public to what had been previously unthinkable and regarded as incompatible with the tenets of Christianity and modern civilization.
That's not all I wanted to write about it.. her birthday is still coming. That day specifically.. a year ago from Monday.. I gave birth to my sweet little Savanna. As I sit and think about that day.. and how she took us completely by surprise in so many ways.. I also began to think of that person. That other Tabatha. The person I used to be. I find myself envying that person. The 'old' me.. the pre-dead daughter me.. I always knew of all the things that could happen. The things to be aware of. Ways to reduce risks.. but like so many.. I was naive.. I just knew I was the exception to the rule. Nothing would happen to MY daughter.. things like that... that happens to other people. I read about those people, but to me? Nope.. I get a pass.. a get out of jail free card... Clearly.. I am no exception to that 'rule.' and i realize.. I miss being that person sometimes. Because now, now I am afraid of everything. In the end, I know the Lord's purpose will be delivered, and whatever the destiny may be is what shall be done. But I am still human. That thought can only comfort me for so long.. there are still pieces of me that fight the darkness of thinking of EVERYTHING that could go wrong.. not just what happened with us. Miscarriage, stillbirth, diseases, infections... the list could go on forever..
“What?,” He jabbered, throwing his arms in wild directions in an effort to keep time with Kajagogoo.
“I still have many things to tell you, but you can’t handle them now. But when the Friend comes, the Spirit of the Truth, he will take you by the hand and guide you into all the truth there is. He won’t draw attention to himself, but will make sense out of what is about to happen and, indeed, out of all that I have done and said.” (John 16:1-15)
It’s the ambivalence that’s the worst thing – the will to operate without the means to achieve. Somewhere, though, in that struggle, great things can happen. Ideas fuse with disparate thoughts in a way you otherwise can’t encourage, and the dimness of perception can create momentary, terrifying fantasy out of everyday objects. The befuddled trudge can, for short periods, coalesce into something interesting, even useful, if you enjoy being trapped in a netherworld between the real and imagined.
For all the potential that the concept of crowdsourcing brings to online news gathering, there remains one unavoidable fact that has so far kept it from enhancing hyperlocal sites such as Silver Spring Patch: it requires a crowd. Absent a large number of engaged participants, it remains a concept rather than a tangible asset.
As I sat on my driftwood and watched the boys fish, the traffic was unstoppable. This season is always bittersweet because we lose our wonderful valley to the tourists yet we are so happy to see them so that our businesses can flourish once again.
Everyone wanted to be a spy.
As far as socialists and communists are concerned, there are two kinds of constitutional law: “Evolving” and “settled.” “Evolving” means that it still bears some relation to the U.S. Constitution, and that they have not yet succeeded in subverting it through some sort of lie or outright crime, and imposing its antithesis on the American people. “Settled” means that the Left has committed its outrage, will brook no questioning of it, and is busy rewriting the history of Constitutional precedent, in order to hide what they have done.
Why do you let us wander, O LORD, from your ways,
Back then, I might have gotten suspended for a couple of days if I had been caught. Today, I’d be at Gitmo. Okay, that might be an exaggeration, but you know what I mean.
sa.nLength = sizeof(SECURITY_ATTRIBUTES);
callous on the side of my thumb already!
I got the MME kit from Scrapbook Steals a couple of weeks ago along with the other Miss Caroline sets, I couldn't chose between them.
But this week we have entered new phase of joy from children...the inadvertantly saying dirty things phase.
I have to say that this is a bit embarrassing to admit to you all. It can be quite intimidating being amongst all of you great design bloggers out there. You all know who you are... Your talent is awe inspiring and I really just watch you all from the sidelines while living in my sad little apartment. And to those of you who I've met and have never invited over, well now you know the reason why....
Sensing a promise, the man stammers back, 'Oh yes, I agree with you completely!'
Well Alyson could deal with the garlic nails but the garlic hair was another story. You see, every time our dear Alyson washed her hair the garlic smell would appear and disappear into the night as her hair dried. This went on for months even after she stopped using the garlic conditioner. The nadir came when she went to a beauty salon, forgetting about her garlic problem, but that wasn’t for long because it soon announced itself to her and the beautician. Alyson wanted to crawl in a hole as she tried to apologize and awkwardly explain the oder.
And support our Cause in any way that you can. If we ALL join together, we CAN make a difference.
Now a new phenomenon has lifted its ugly head in the political arena — the use of thugs, gangsters and hooligans to intimidate and frighten, sometimes violently, civil society and NGOs carrying out their legitimate activities. Dissenters, protesters and even opposition leaders have become victims of these thugs.
Her pediatrician had noted that if she still wasn't eating food at her 1-year check-up (that is in two weeks) that she would be referred for services/therapy (because she really should be eating food by then). I'm glad that we won't have to go that route.
“At least I hope I have,” he says, “otherwise it’s been stolen.”
There must have been one, some time, some warning, some leading; something. There was the time in the time I asked the sky but perhaps my own body covered in blood dying couldn’t be worthy to be seen or tolerated. There was the ominous voice but most certainly not divine. There was assuredly the moment when my mother had driven away in the night. I was only a small child and crying I had no idea what to do in the dark duplex building on Insley. Wailing something told me it would be alright. I would be safe; such peace that I stopped crying to move into the darkness unafraid wondering how to pass the minutes.
A completely unofficial and unaffiliated fan site focusing on Premiership Queen's Park Rangers (QPR) FC. (Visit also QPR Report Messageboard.) QPR Report accepts no sponsorship, advertising or financial contributions. In 2008, QPR Report was named as one of the top two blogs in the Football League. Former QPR Chairman Paladini: "I would like to thank you for all your time and efforts that you put into QPR. I think you are doing something useful and informative for the club and the supporters"
( no I'm not, my pregnant angel....... name the kid rutabaga, I do not care...... )
Revlon Color Cosmetic $1/1
Next we had our 8 week appt, they took blood, did a urine test, and a pelvic exam. Our insurance is a crazy high deductible and then the ins. co. pays 100% Also, they only cover one ultrasound at 18 weeks to check developement and the sex. A lot of my friends, okay almost ALL of my friends are pregnant or have young babies, I so dearly wanted that first ultrasound to see a little tiny creature, but our insurance didn't cover it and the OB said ... you're perfectly healthy and you only need one ultrasound during your whole pregnancy... unless there are complications. Charles and I left the Dr. office, happy as could be, we were doing great and couldn't wait for the 12 week appt.
The last two of the week though, will be the highest of the high stakes with the Official Top 10 (ranked in order by how many votes each player received…or how emotionally invested I might have felt with a certain player that may have been tied for votes with another player).
Sticky Bun - May 22
Unfortunately I keep accidentally pressing "pause" on the app when I'm trying to fiddle with the ipod or take a photo, so luckily I also have a garmin GPS watch as a backup so I know the exact distance!
Lost
I suspect that like the Eiffel Tower has for Paris, it might end up as an icon of East London after the Games.
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta praised Brazil’s emergence as a global power Wednesday, urging the nation to become more involved in security efforts around the world by assisting in places like Africa.
As anyone who has read the posts about My Life knows, I’ve been a BIG fan of the space program for just about my entire life. In my very first post in the My Heroes volume of this blog, Inspiration, I included a video of the opening to Star Trek: Enterprise. You know, the one with all the wonderful sailing and NASA images. Even then, I was planning to write this one, not only as a tribute to the 40th anniversary of the 1st moon landing, but as a tribute to all of those who help make it possible.
I tried the fridge…. it works, something I wasn’t expecting!
I’m inclined to doubt this because the rest of the movies are about quirky men. They’re odd, but they don’t feel inferior for all of that. Olive, from Easy A (2010), is the perfect example of what I’m talking about. She’s odd and isolated because of her intelligence and super wit, which, in the real world, hurt your high school experience (unlike the world in Juno (2007)). And, like the men in a RomCom, would super love to get with a nice, balanced character as a make-out partner, but events conspire against her/them.
For the next four days, the State tried to isolate the protesting village and terrorise people into giving up their resistance. Protestors and supporters of the movement were picked up and jailed under one or more of the 107 FIRs already registered, or under new cases. Of the nearly 200 jailed, including 21 youngsters, two are still in jail. With the FIRs containing thousands of un-named persons as accused hanging like the proverbial sword over their heads, residents of Idinthakarai are fearful that they will be caught and jailed if they leave their village.
Can you tell with what? Got the frame stuff from my new love, 'Restore', a Habitat for Humanity store.
I really,really, really wish someone had given me one of these when I was a kid--even if it only ended up collecting dust after just a few months of half-hearted use. For some reason, I can't shake just how cool it would feel to step out on the back porch with your mom or dad and look up at the stars. Ah, but this is not an inexpensive gift, which means you would have to pick your recipient wisely.
Make sure that, as far as possible, all outside corners are folded neatly at a 90 degree angle and that the crease lines all lie straight and meet precisely in the center of the square.
While the unnamed killer was being flown out, Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta was being flown in. Just before Mr. Panetta arrived at Camp Bastion, an Afghan interpreter stole a truck from a British soldier — who was injured, and may have been run over during the incident — and then crashed the perimeter fence of the airbase. The driver then apparently doused himself with gasoline and set himself on fire.
IceBridge flights will measure both previously surveyed sites, such as Greenland's Jakobshavn Glacier, and unstudied areas of sea ice, such as the Beaufort Sea north of Alaska. "The most important sea ice flights are the transits between Thule and Fairbanks," said IceBridge project scientist Michael Studinger.
A bird chirped out, she withdrew her hand and bade goodbye.
Second, I make a conscious effort to support local farmers by purchasing my fruits,vegetables, and flowers from farmer's markets .
Okay, that part is a vague and convoluted and, let me say dark, so I will try my best to sum it up without giving too much away. Rubashov is a Party frontrunner who is accused of leading oppositional turbulence and of plotting the murder of No. 1, another frontrunner. Who this No. 1 is, I do not know his name yet. In fact, some of the characters here are named after numbers, based on their prison cell numbers. Rubashov is No. 404, but of course, he is never referred to as that. His neighbors are not 403 and 405, but 402 and 406. So you see, odd-numbered cells stay on one side and across them are the even-numbered ones.
Miguel and Dexter became friends through an interesting, and in true Dexter form, bloody fashion. Miguel, who is the Assistant District Attorney, comes off as a cool, clean cut guy, and the perfect partner in crime for Dexter. Unfortunately for all parties, once Miguel gets a taste for killing he goes from friend and apprentice of Dexter to a notable adversary. Like Lila, Miguel doesn’t rack up the bodies like some of the villains further down the list but he does cause aggravation and danger for our favorite serial killer, Dexter. In the end Miguel meets his match at the hands of Dexter.
Chicago pizza is synonymous with strong-dish pies that have cheese on the bottom and sauce on the top rated. But Chicago pizza restaurants serve each type of pizza you can imagine – from Neapolitan pies baked in a wood-burning oven to gourmand pizzas with fancy toppings.
October slipped into place this week right on schedule. Dawn arrives later and dusk creeps in earlier. The past few mornings temperatures were in the 40′s forcing dramatic change in the summer garden. Basil must be harvested today, for what may be the last time, before frost. The mighty seven-foot okra stalks were cut down yesterday, while attempting another flush of tender edibles.
And on that note, I'll be back on line on October 18th or 19th, unless I'm shocked and find that one of the spooky old manor houses has wireless...hmm.
Wonka Wonka Kochalka is merely the first chapter (of 13) of Max Ink's next Blink graphic novel to be entitled So It Goes. (By the way, the first book in the series, So Far, took second place in the General category for the 2011 SPACE Prize, to be presented at this year's show) If you didn't get a copy Friday, it's currently available on Amazon. No doubt it will also be available at several comic shops in the Columbus area, and you'll have another opportunity to buy it from Max himself later this month at SPACE.
I've been in the bottom of a glacier crevasse, on top of many mountains, broken my leg skiing, nearly frightened myself to death more times than I care to remember being half way up a rock climb that really I shouldn't have been on.
After that day we started the process of getting a Lawyer “Christian”. My son was facing potentially seven years in prison. The lengthy court process began and felt like years. But in the midst of it all my Lord and Savoir had incredible compassion on my son. There is just too much miraculous events to write about. My son ended up with no jail time. Just community service, counseling, and restitution.
Combine powdered sugar and 4 teaspoons of milk in a small bowl, and drizzle over cake. Let stand 10 minutes. Place chips in a small heavy duty zip top plastic bag; seal. Submerge bag in very hot water until chips melt, or microwave at medium high for 1 minutes. Snip a tiny hole in 1 corner of bag, and drizzle chocolate over cake.
Hugs and Smooches,
While not all of the awards went to Sandler personally, his name was engraved on a total of five Razzies, including those for Worst Actor and Worst Actress – another first for the awards, which annually celebrate the worst in Hollywood. His clean sweep was completed by his inclusion in the awards for Worst Ensemble Cast, Worst Screenplay and Worst On-Screen Couple, which was opened up to a public vote this year.
106) Chicks dig me. I wear colored undywear.
the sweat
One more example. Page 273, Chapter 11. Ottoman Culture.
Late last year, I got an Adobe Photoshop CS5 installer from a friend and discovered this very amazing feature that they have— the mixer brush tool. I love to paint and it is something that I occasionally do when there are projects before in high school since they were all required, so I have an excuse to buy the necessary materials. But as of the moment, I’m having an issue about the money and time spent to create a masterpiece and also it’s not one of my priorities now since I’m at the peak of my college life. So as to being resourceful, I used the software as an instrument to at least continue what I love to do.
Yes, I ruined the steak. What we initially thought was sirloin, turned out to be some other cut, extremely pre-tenderized, that magically became well done the instant I placed it in the pan. Kinda like a hamburger. Ah well. We baked the potato wedges and moved on. (The recipe said to fry, but the potato bag said to bake, which seemed easier and healthier. )
JENNA’S REVIEW
Martin Barre- guitar
First, I laid out the empty bins on our coffee table.
In a wide saucepan, saute onions in oil over medium heat until just golden. Do not burn.
a few cups of milk
I recently picked up Practical Solutions for Paper Crafters and it is just full of great ideas! One of my favorite things to do is keep things you would normally throw away, like packaging, and find a way to reuse it! So I really liked the Don't Throw it Away section. Inspired by the magazine and the challenge at Moxie Fab World I held on to the packaging for some Studio Calico wooden shapes and had a little fun. I will eventually use the wood asterisks I bought but for this card I cut out the outlines that were on the back of the chipboard packaging.
Good luck making your money tree and keep this idea in mind anytime you want to stand out in your gift-giving gestures.
- Paint and Crayons (I *love* crayons!)
There were three separate studio recording sessions; the last one produced the three songs that make up this Ep. 1,000 copies were pressed, as well as a number of buttons/pins picturing the Nads logo; some of which were thrown into the crowd at shows. They played all the requisite places, Lupo’s Heartbreak Hotel, The Living Room in Providence, The Rat in Boston, CBGB’s and Hurrah’s in NYC. The RI press was especially supportive and featured the band several times in the area papers. They gigged regularly with bands like the Neighborhoods, Robin Lane and The Chartbusters, The Schemers and Human Sexual Response; as well as opening for bands such as: Mink DeVille, U2, and Squeeze. Glen Tilbrook of Squeeze became a friend, and had agreed to produce their follow up record, but the band broke up before it happened.
In my youth,
Please don't forget to click HERE to see my Tour of my friend Anne Marie's House decorated for Christmas......You will not be disappointed!!
"Dark" doesn't even begin to describe NATURAL ENEMIES.
I have been swamped at work and thankfully making a few sales on ebay which has kept me busy like crazy.
A humble person–wait, we are talking about the highest rank in the whole Air Force, right? What about the nicest person you would ever want to sit down to picnic with? Are we still discussing the traits of a full General?
I still remember vividly when I went to the AMC Theaters in Burbank (that has since changed) to see Jet Li’s The One. When pulling up I surprisingly thought the line wrapped around the building was for the movie I was going to see, because obviously any movie I would want to see must be the movie of the year for everyone else too…just kidding. Anyway, I asked one of the people in line what that line was for and was admittedly surprised when they told me Finding Nemo. This was the evening and there was not one small child that I saw. Fast forward to years later on DVD thanks to my mom and I being forced to watch this film by my sister as part of family night at my apt, I finally watched Finding Nemo. I then understood the fuss in line. Surprisingly this film is amazing and without flaw. And, as my mom stated, “I don’t even like Ellen Degeneres, but she stole the show in this one.” Agreed mom. But wait, you don’t like any one do you? Just kidding.
I’m not bragging when I say that we feel blessed to have lasted this long as a couple. Marital bliss for our generation has turned out to be a 50/50 proposition. I feel for those who have tried to hold their marriage together, giving their all to no avail. I am ever so thankful that we have hung in there, even during difficult times.
I started playing at 11am and went on until about 5pm.
Each month on the Creative Inspirations Blog, entrants to the weekly challenge have a chance to win a selection of paints. There is no requirement for using the paints in your entries, however, if you 'do', and list the colour names, your name will go into the draw twice.
Last year, I had a long chat with a friend of mine about this very issue, how to remain focused as you follow your dreams. At this point, this friend of mine has become quite famous and is now a mentor to many about how to make it on your own terms. She told me how she focuses on her goals like she is shooting a water pistol at a ballon. It requires focused aim. She also noted that as soon as she loses her focus, she immediately sees it reflected in her success rate, her popularity and her income. To counter this, she has a personal policy that she calls "knife for life", not being afraid to 'say it like she sees it', fiercely choosing where she places her energy and with whom she spends her time.
The Nutcracker (Histoire d’un casse-noisette, 1844): a revision of Hoffmann’s story The Nutcracker and the Mouse King, later adapted by Tchaikovsky as a ballet
WHY? WHY? NO! PLEASE! is all that goes through my head as I listen to these remixes. I’m so disappointed in my idol. I feel like he was approached to do the deal, heard the dinging cash register noises in the background, and signed the deal without even listening to the songs or approving the artists set to do the deed.
Lake Caspian. Watching a young boy squeal in delight as he submerges his naked body in that frigid water. Brave I tell you. Apparently our offspring still require 80 degree pools for they barely made it past their toes. I didn't even touch it ;-)
I’ve been told we should pick one or two things to do in life and set aside the others. I just can’t see that happening. While I make lengthy To Do lists, my greatest desire is to fulfill the divine To Do list God has prepared for me.
At any rate, I am a picky eater. I don't like raw onions (will eat them cooked), raw tomatoes (again, cooked are okay), corn (Isn't it funny how most holiday salads and pot luck dishes are 50% corn?), broccoli, cauliflower, avocado or sweet potatoes (depending on how they are cooked. I also dislike most boiled vegetables.
“Hope you dont’ tryu something stupid like try to win it or something,” Greg warns me, “I’m sure winning a sporting event is a clear vilation of the Code.”
She felt confused, a lot of thoughts were running through her head, most of which was the image of her dead brother, and there was this man holding an axe over her talking about Irish pride. She saw him walk away and heard one of the men on the ship say,
Then, just like that, I had a hard time remembering what happened to me. Out loud I pondered: "What did happen?" I remember, deep inside, being afraid to ask why did it happen. That was the scary question. I buried it, let it go. Didn't think about it again. As time went on and I learned about other women and their birth trauma I vaguely remembered being unhappy with my birth. I thought, Boy was I being a brat. Women have had worst birth trauma's, unnecessary c-sections, terrible iatrogenic injuries and even death. I felt guilty for ever thinking I had a bad experience and so I buried it further. Not until sometime in September of 2004, about 5 hours after finding out I was pregnant again would I recall to memory what happened in the early morning of September 29th as if it was yesterday. It was as clear to me then, as it is to me now. I cried and cried alone in my bed and silently I vowed never again.
43. Laurie Biagini-A Go Go Girl In A Modern World (Self-Released)
She tried not to ogle, but Ty had a great butt. He was good at pool, too. Of course. Jocks were good at everything, which was why their egos often went unchecked, something she found utterly intolerable about sports figures.
M: Mom’s name: Joy
Looking in the mirror and being honest with yourself ........that's the true way of getting ahead in this hobby......and in life.
11. Headlines (organ freak out 1) (00:33)
2 placed
Trying to help
Finally, I ordered a stamp that was just plain cute. I have not decided how I would use it other than at the bottom of letters to parents and things like that but I could not help but order this stamp because it was so cute.
People with food their hearts take a beating
The nights you watched and wired and dug and piled sandbags on parapets?
Doesn’t it look picturesque? Just like in ‘the olden days’, when winters still were winters and they could have an Elfstedentocht. We won’t mention the Elfstedentocht again. It is a sensitive subject… *sigh*
That summer, Aunty Ce and Uncle Pete had come over from Australia for one of their visits - there was always plenty of relative visiting to do in the UK as they'd lived here all their lives until the late 60's when they'd decided to take the Government initative and sail to Australia for £1.00. Or it could've been £50, the details get lost with the decades.
It now seems, at least in the consumer dystopia of England 2011, it is not merely intellectual property that has come adrift from its moral roots since the same fate has befallen physical property, both real and personal. Stealing an expensive and desirable pair of branded sports shoes is not just a question of taking possession of chattels without legal justification: it is a statement that one has bought into the aspirations which the brand conveys to those who wear it and that, as such an aspirant, one has a greater right to the shoes than does, for example, the inherently non-aspirational limited liability company which owns it. To put it another way, in terms of the aspirationally magnetic call of one leading brand owner, if you are a “Just do it” sort of person, you just do it.
But Obama fails to mention that Dems created the mess:
- Installing OS X 10.8 over 10.7.2 or earlier with FileVault turned on may fail
The Hinds House now and close to when it was originally built.
We're planning a trip to Florida -- actually several trips throughout the winter and early spring -- and the rental car companies really rape you during the Christmas season. A typical car goes for $1100/week!! So we've developed the practice of taking an old car down there in the fall and leaving it until the spring. But this year we didn't get around to it. Jeff's been working crazy hours, so I insisted on taking the car down last weekend.
Now the story of the beautiful day and everything clicking in the morning. Reason for the story is to continue to focus on the good throughout the week and everyday. Why wake up grumpy and mad at the world, when you can wake up happy? Life is to short to focus on bad thoughts of the day before, it’s in the past now and we are in the present to move forward in life.
"All through my training, I was told how brave and skilled the Gifted of Federas were." He sat up again, folded his arms. "Rissad had it worse, being a Gatemaker. Before your time, of course, but your predecessor was a hero to us."
Me: For crying out loud.
By my estimates, I should have close to 350,000 words done on the book…not the original 430,000 word count deadline I imposed on myself so loftily late last month and on Twitter.
What are you working on now?
I Tagged: Shalyn, Jenn, Lynzi, Maegan and Chrissy!!! So ladies its your turn!! I totally wanted to tag sooooo many more, but I was afraid I would get annoying, so I just did a few but I would love to see everyone's!! SO GO!!! LOL!!! I'm excited to see!
I’ve been fine-tuning my actual writing lately, too, and focusing my goals more distinctly – which is another reason I want to revise MEGAN&LIAM a little bit. I’ve been giving a ton of thought to romance novels, and how they relate to feminist topics, and such things – and that’s really helped me to refine what exactly I want to accomplish, artistically, with my writing.
It's a start.
Admittedly, it's kind of freaky, knowing you can't get groceries, medicines, daily necessities, or WINE (except 711 type stuff) for such a long time. We have buggered off out of Norway every year because of it. Too...claustrophobic, all those days of silence. This year was to be no exception. All sorts of ideas were kicked around, including going to Tunisia or to Jordan to see Petra (still very high on the list.)
Unfortunately, the founder of the blog Robert Guskind, who some have referred to as the "Brooklyn Blogfather" passed away a few weeks ago on March 4th. As I wrote in comments on other blogs I never met him but I enjoyed Gowanus Lounge and am happy that his loved ones are continuing the site.
i should have known better. i should have known when i had to wait at addison for three trains to come before i could squeeze myself on one.
But I don’t sense affection
Marilyn Monroe's Fragments
OMG. THE WRITING STYLE IS AMAZING!!! But I won’t say anything else in this paragraph, because I will mention it lower down! But… It was just so sophisticated and elegant! JUST AMAZING! Nothing quite like it!
Jenene isn't an interior designer either but look at how talented she is!
Gary Direnfeld, MSW, RSW, is an expert on child development, parent-child relations, marital and family therapy, custody and access recommendations and social work. He is the author of Raising Kids Without Raising Cane, hosts a reality TV series “Newlywed, Nearly Dead” and is a columnist with the Hamilton Spectator on parenting matters. www.yoursocialworker.com
Bottom line: Just because I want to get married does not mean I should settle or give up on my dreams.
“It’s a misconception that you need a heart to love,” Asher whispered into my hair.
“We can also have a situation where during an economic downturn, investors may suddenly decide to sue the arrangers and other parties that have money,” said another industry player.
coursing across the floor
I do remember saying to myself that "this won't last" (as in these awful moments will not be here forever, we will know more at some point), I just didn't know if I would have my sweet Ella with me when the moments were over, so I was trying to spend as much time soaking her in as I was able. I was so glad I had taken the video that I shared in my last post. So much fear and uncertainty.
The Revenge of Frankenstein is an interesting film because it develops the character of Frankenstein. He changes from the first film. He is much more demented here than in The Curse of Frankenstein. Why should he not be? He escaped death only to become a hero to future patients, and made a scientific breakthrough only to have it blow up in his face at the most inopportune time. His journey into madness is very well done for a low budget Hammer Film.
This is a very large cartoon: "A cartoon is a form of two-dimensional illustrated visual art. While the specific definition has changed over time...... Cartoons were typically used in the production of frescoes, to accurately link the component parts of the composition when painted on damp plaster over a series of days (giornate). Such cartoons often have pinpricks along the outlines of the design; a bag of soot was then patted or "pounced" over the cartoon, held against the wall to leave black dots on the plaster ("pouncing"). Cartoons by painters, such as the Raphael and examples by Leonardo da Vinci, are highly prized in their own right."(Merriam Webster's Dictionary). I was very drawn to this piece, but did not have enough background on the subject to pull the trigger, even though the price was moderately alluring for the size and look. It is worthwhile to take photographs and notes when you shop. Next time, I'll look for pinpricks and soot.
I'm hoping to finish last years tomatoes before these ones ripen :)
The up-side to the single life was that most of my friends were single. We lived life more spontaneously. Much of our social-calendar was written with spur-of-the-moment planning.
I am not jumping into any conclusions,
But, I really need to do this. And... I think I will blog about it as much as I can. BEWARE OF BORING POSTS!
For guys they’re thinking home run derby firecrackers
a time to tear and a time to mend,
oil-2tbsp
Add juice one tablespoon at a time and mix thoroughly after each addition. Frosting will have smoothed out at this point - if not, add juice a tiny bit at a time until "just right".
But I didn't notice any stains on the white vent...
The chain it came with is in 16 inches silver. The chain has a round acrylic tag, placed where the closure is located (same as the one shown in CBT's Closet-Heart Knuckles Necklace review). The tag has the company's name "CBT's Closet" engraved on the inside.
Thanks to her vocal versatility, and with the help of Bradley’s direction and arrangements, Cline enjoyed both country and pop success. His arrangements incorporated strings and other instruments not typical of country recordings of the day. He considered Cline’s voice best-suited for country pop-crossover songs, and helped smooth her voice into the silky, torch song style for which she is famous. Nevertheless, she did not enjoy singing pop material. This new, more sophisticated instrumental style became known as The Nashville sound, created by Bradley and RCA’s Chet Atkins, who produced Jim Reeves, Connie Smith, and Eddy Arnold. Cline’s first Decca release was the country pop ballad, “I Fall to Pieces” (1961), written by Hank Cochran and Harlan Howard. The song was promoted at both country and pop music stations across the country, leading to success on both country and pop charts. The song slowly climbed to the top of the country chart—Cline’s first number one. The song also made No. 12 on the pop chart, as well as No. 6 on the adult contemporary chart, a major feat for any country singer at the time. The song made her a household name, demonstrating that a woman country singer could enjoy as much crossover success as a man.
Welcome my wonderful plus sized divas as you know your here to share with myself and others about our fabulous plus sized lives , so lets kick things off right ………………..NOW !!!!!!!!!
“What if”?
We are a nation with all the attributes of a nation and all of the gatherings of a nation, a nation whose sovereignty is currently commanded to take pathways which don’t sit easily with us, with our beliefs or our collective conscience.
*****WINNER****** Tina!!!!!
Remember, this was supposed to be an enjoyable project to be completed at home.
The Blue Jays bats finally turned up again with both Edwin Encarnacion and Kelly Johnson both hitting homers.
The attorney says those who have represented Rodman to date have worked pro bono.
"I actually had to refund orders because my supplies were depleted."
in the house, so when the current passed through him
This next week looks like being a rather busy one for Beer Blokes and for those who similarly love their beer.
Please send you topic/proposal to:
Here's a close-up of Cocoa:
Some of this supps will help you accelerate your progress but remember guys , as the term implies this are supplementary to what you are doing, nothing will beat hardwork and whole foods ….as on its own, these supplements will do very little for you – Love your body
Prairie Warbler 1
Darkness Before Dawn is a fresh new story with captivating characters, unexpected plot twists, a fascinating setting, and a compelling voice. Written under the name J. A. London by a talented mother-son team, the trilogy is perfect for fans of True Blood and the House of Night and Morganville Vampires series.
And the best part? Serve them to your kids, to your husband, to your company but don't tell them about the black beans! Let them ooh and aah over how incredibly chocolately they taste and then, if you want, hit them with the truth and watch their reactions: What? Black beans? Like in enchiladas? Huh? Nah, you're joking! Can I have another one? :)
And the years, passing by,
In one of the most horrifying things I’d ever seen, Sophie gave a huge growl, and before I could react, bounded towards me, tearing at my pure white wings, my head and my arms, ripping with her razor sharp teeth and claws. Worse than the scorching pain was the betrayal, why would Sophie - dear sweet Sophie who I had raised from a kitten - attack me so brutally?
7:41: “So if you have a set of gonads, testes, testicles..use ‘em!” Is he hitting on me right now? I think he is hitting on me right now. I love being the prettiest girl at the ball…I mean…uhhh….hey, look is that another car driving by?!?!?!
He ends by saying: '...although a feminist book it is not just for feminists', and it seems in fact that on Goodreads, where this review appears, the men are liking this book (first published by a feminist press) better than the women - Jim Murdoch gave it a rave review, and five stars. It kind of makes you wonder if, while many women have gone and distanced themselves from what they suspect men see as the taint of feminism, men have been busy assimilating the issues and have become pretty feminist themselves!
UNITED KINGDOM.
Funny that the first insert was a churn dash..
Kicking off with a groovy disco set from Breakbot, he smashed it and really got the spirits going with weather conditions deteriorating quickly. What happened next was absolutely out of this world as SebastiAn took the decks of the Sahara. WOW! This was one of the hardest pounding electro sets I have ever seen in my life. Intense pumping dark n dirty French electro sounds were shooting throughout the tent as SebastiAn was # 3 in my day one Top 3.
After graduation, Ari, like so many other Oak Park graduates that year, made the trip down to Champaign, IL to begin his undergraduate studies. At the University of Illinois, Ari excelled as a young advertising major, taking on duties as the Strategic Thinking Leader and, eventually, the Vice President of the University’s team for the National Student Advertising Competition (NSAC). He also became highly involved in his fraternity, Phi Kappa Psi, where he was an active volunteer and served as an officer on a number of committees, including time as the Rush and Social Chairman.
Clear micro beads
A couple of things to note about this change:
Because here's what I've since learned: that unschooling families are like cells in a geographically dispersed intentional community, little clusters of "people who get it" all over the world. Once you become a member of the community and you put the word out -- in person at a gathering, or on your blog, or via facebook, or through a Yahoo group -- that you're interested in meeting up, you'll get offers from others in the community to come visit.
His blog is a bizarre mish-mash of odd photos, addle-brained jottings and political commentary. This seems to fit with the bizarre style of writing that has made him famous (he quotes amongst his influences as the weird fiction writers of the last century such as H.P. Lovecraft). His far left politics will not attract everyone and perhaps may unfortunately put some people off of reading his work. I may not agree with all of his views (I don’t know, I haven’t read much of his political commentary but I guess I can make assumptions about him based on his membership of the Socialist Worker’s Party) as I no doubt would have agreed little with H.G. Wells, but I do like to keep my taste in fiction separate from the political motivations of the writer unless their views become more important than telling a good story. I guess I would feel the same way about Christian Rock music, if the music is good I will see through or ignore the message it is pushing.
5. Yuki No Furu Machi O
cosmetics
...and ya wonder why it’s been a week and a half since the last post?...
Address of bank : 37 – 39 Main Road, Mowbray, 7700
Unplug from the media machine and let this sucker spin without preconceptions, because Storm Corrosion defies the temporary and boils like a dream come true. Your mileage may vary, but this is a sonic experience that was built to last.
It’s best to water in the evening or early morning so that less water evaporates – and water around the roots not the foliage. It’s also better to water less frequently but more thoroughly to give plants a really good drink. If you only water a little bit, roots won’t be encouraged to grow lower down in the soil where they will find more moisture and as a result need less watering.
I finally managed to install The Sims 3 on my trusty new MacBook last night. One of the most entertaining things about the game, is creating the Sims that you later play with. Yes, I love playing the charaters of course, but half the fun is creating Sims and styling them later and all that girlie stuff. Well, it IS a girlie game afterall.
"In my judgment the scope of any injunction under section 97A(2) should extend no further than that to which I have already concluded the claimants are entitled, namely an injunction to restrain the defendant from infringing the claimants' copyrights in relation to their repertoire of films" (para. 135). NewsBin 2
In the weeks of my absence I have painted one-half of the inside of our home. As well as, almost have my five minute rule in place. That being.. any room.closet.space could be a complete mess (totally destroyed) and it only require a five minute pickup. The amount of stuff hauled out, has been crazy. But crazy good.!!
Here are a few starter tips:
So why does it even matter?
This system worked for the most part, and then we found out we were moving, and I had to rethink alot when it came to getting the house ready. So, some changes happened. Here's what we have now:
4. The ADA's fundraising practices are among the worst in the charity industry. They use telemarketers who pocket one out of every five dollars raised. The Charity Navigator web site awards them one star out of a possible five. (View their rating HERE.)
Hops added on 07-19-2008
Here we are giving you some leap year love!
You may not believe this because of the stuff I waffle on about, but I have a degree in English Literature. I am obsessed with books. So one of my top parenting objectives has always been to introduce my children to the wonderful world of literature and where better to start than the land of children's books. And because they are getting older, we have progressed onto reading chapter books at bedtime whilst The Toddler has his milk.
Deeper than talking late into the night.
Words fail me.
Exactly nine years ago today, LG was learning how to trick-or-treat. At thirteen months old, candy and superheroes were his life, and a day dedicated to both were just about more than he could handle. He ran from house to house as quickly as his little legs would carry him and shouted "twickatweet" at the top of his lungs, often before he even rang the bell. Fueled by sugar and excitement, he'd have run until dawn if I'd let him. But Halloween night was unseasonably cold that year, and while I'd dressed LG and the baby as warmly as I could, I decided that half an hour was quite enough trick-or-treating for the evening.
The mother of two was gobsmacked. She started explaining to me how she had so much to do during the week and how exhausted she was between work and taking care of the house, husband and boy. How all these things meant she didn't really have a chance to do these things with her boy. I had to tell her to stop making excuses because they weren't necessary! I told her that I have time to play games and research activities to do with my daughter because I work less then half the hours she does and I have two gorgeous cleaning ladies!
My mine of precious stones, my empery ;
Wednesday, April 25:
The segment also included his prediction that “If I don’t have this done in three years, then there’s going to be a one-term proposition.” The likelihood that Obama can be reelected with 8.6% unemployment, $4 gas at the pump, massive housing loan foreclosures, and a still stagnant economy grows smaller by the week.
I've always known the best part of life is spending it surrounded by God's treasures, and knowing that no matter how many you come to love, you will never run out of space to know and love more. Sure life is tricky, but it's a really good deal.
It didn’t take Finnegan long to realize that this was where he wanted to stay. Safe in the deep pool , out of the rushing waves, protected by this gentle creature.
Because of what they crave.
"Mara, you were blind."
Emilie (most often referred to as Em or Emi, if I'm the one doing the referring) is hands down my best friend in the entire world.
“I assume this is how you want to end it?” asked the hunched man at the bar.
Lucy is in need of blood, her counts have dropped pretty significantly in the last few weeks. We are scheduled to have this done on Friday. She is also in the midst of another autonomic storm which has affected her sleeping and mine too, motility or lack there of, body temperatures, and heart rates. She has us all on a roller coaster wondering what on earth we are going to do for her. Talks between Dr. R and our cardiologist are being had, one of our frustrations is whether or not we can really do anything for Lucy cardiac wise. We are looking for some guidance as to how high is too high for her heart rates and how long is too long to let them be high. Pain continues to be a growing issue, Drew and I witness on a daily basis just how strong our little one is when it comes to pain. On Monday night we had her laying between us in bed, she was twitching and shaking she was in so much pain, but was not crying she just wanted us to lay with her.
If you’re like most women, you aren’t exactly thrilled with your wardrobe, and if you are, then wonderful for you and you can go click onto another web page right now.
We return to our car, satisfied that we’ve had enough excitement in a two-hour trip for it to qualify as a vacation. At least for a couple of middle-aged adventurers in Hipsterland.
When I left her office, I thought, go get something with an eagle on it. I went to a store that sold Southwestern, Native stuff, thinking I might find something there. I had never been inside this store before, and had never heard of Zuni fetishes, but I went in and there was this beautiful stone eagle on a shelf of animal carvings, staring at me with a turquoise eye. I bought it, and the clerk gave me a bunch of information about the significance of the eagle in various cultures:
You see while you sit around and eat all that gastrointestinal horrible food it curls into a ball where you let it release into the air that I breathe. I don't know how many of you know how bad a beer fart is but increase this a bit. It is like rotten eggs, that sulfuric smell of torture. Friday's are the worst because everyone around you is farting and trying to look nonchalant. Well I am hear to tell you that it is not discreet and it hurts my health I am sure from breathing in your butt stench. I hope that you all take heed of this blog, should you go out and eat like it's a hangover Sunday, make sure you use the toilet before coming into the bar. Please do not put myself and everyone else through your torture. Sincerely-Everyone
Might only last a little while.
proclaims herself a free spirit who can go where she pleases 'cos
Peppermint candy and ice cream is free
Tea fire which destroyed 111 homes and threatened 1,500 others, was about 40% contained by Saturday night.
In the past few weeks, we've had a few instances of accidents and illnesses. I took my daughter to the doctor once but really wasn't impressed. (Of course, it didn't help that when we took her to the doctor, her symptoms disappeared.) Yesterday both my son and my daughter hit their heads pretty hard and cracked them open a bit. My son has a gash, but he wasn't bleeding profusely and the gash didn't look deep or wide. I really wanted to avoid a visit to the emergency room as people have repeatedly told me that it will be a bad experience. My daughter was hit by a bicycle and has a pretty large goose egg on the back of her head. Both are doing fine.
I hear chimes of angels
The response:'You're an adult you can cope with it....'
Both me-made pairs of pants are also from one basic stretch skinny jeans pattern. I made the flare pair in an indigo denim and the other skinny&cropped pair in a floral print.
Because of the amazing, eclectic offering of antique and bespoke furniture - and the Jack Russell mascot Dotty - I desperately want to go to London and shop at Howe. After pouring through the entire website, I am bitter that Howe is across the Atlantic. Selfishly, I would love to have it as a more accessible resource...and I desperately want to befriend the proprietor Christopher Howe.
"Yes, your instincts are excellent. Rigidity. Fixed eyes. No organic cause. Normal neurological function."
Personally, I could wish that he was right about this Rapture thing. That he, and all those that believe his rantings had been be swept up and taken out of this world in the blink of a eye today. Let God have the crazies, we've been dealing with them long enough. That would finally shut them up at least. Might have even opened up the job market a bit so I could find a job.
So let's bake a cake and forget about our kids growing up and leaving us for a minute ...one recipe of white vanilla cake batter, six 6-inch round cake pans, 6 jars of gel food coloring in the colors of the rainbow. It's beautiful and makes a huge impact - the oohs and aahs you hear when you pull out that first slice!
The moment was so surreal and precious and overwhelming.
“Hayır, hayır,” he exclaimed when I held out a bill.
juice of 2 lemons, limes or small sweet oranges, optional and depending on outcome of taste
Pull leaves from stalk of kale and tear into small pieces. Thinly slice the stalk. Place in a medium bowl. Blend dressing ingredients together in blender until smooth. Massage the kale with dressing for about 5 minutes. Stir in the rest of salad ingredients and allow to sit for 30 minutes while the flavors meld. Enjoy!
Taslin said, "Follow close. Anything could separate us."
Lucky for her, I was a straight A student, really no trouble at all, at least until my teenage years. Unluckily for me, that wasn’t enough to keep me flying under the radar. Every time my brother did something wrong, it may as well have been both of us. I was punished equally, every single time.
This has been a week of celebrations. A birthday (me) and Father's Day (him).
Senomyx
Dump the dough onto a floured cutting board and roll it into a log about one inch in diameter. Wrap the log in plastic wrap and chill for at least one hour or overnight--this is a great item to make ahead of time.
Unfortunately my Butler Bulldogs didn't make it this year! But there is a new underdog to route for, The Creighton Blue Jays! It will be great to watch and cheer on my little sisters school (who knows how far they will make it)!
I’ll touch base with evolution after the next part of the conversation.
“Preheat the oven to 190°C/170°fan/gas mark 5. Put the muffin cases in the tins. Tip the contents into a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the centre and add two beaten eggs, 300ml milk and 100g melted butter. Mix quickly until just combined. Divide between the muffin cases and bake for 18-20 minutes. Best eaten within 24 hours and use within one month.”
The waves are high and the wind it howls
Based upon our review of OCE reports, we expect two or three new OCE referrals for prosecution to the House Ethics Committee to break around May 17 and June 11, respectively.
2010.09.01 Pakistan Lahore 43 270 Over thirty Shia pilgrims in a procession are dismantled by a car bomb blast and two Sunni suicide bombers.
I think that a bunch of the rest of this pattern is going to go much faster as the scales are no where near as elaborate as on the green dragon and there is sky over water which is much more solid.
This was irritating. To me and to others as well, and for a couple of reasons. One is that the hostess (not one of the women I named above) has cancelled on book group last minutes multiple times, and once before when she was supposed to be hosting. In fact, she had cancelled on the prior two meetings (maybe more?) This is what we call a pattern. It's also irritating because it's just plain inconsiderate of everyone else's time.
Anti-natalist policies adopted by governments should not be discriminatory or undermine people’s fundamental rights.
UPDATE: I guess maybe I should tell you how to submit your entries! You can email them to me at mike(dot)speegle(at)gmail(dot)com, OR post a link to your creation in the comments area.
I know from raising my own kids that children enjoy hearing stories about other children. they naturally relate better to the characters in books in this way. I also wanted to tell a story about a close and personal relationship between two boys who had a lot of fun together, and one grew up to become famous.
Others, though, felt the sit-in was inappropriate as Nienstedt is a prominent figure in the Catholic community and should be respected for his teaching of the Catholic beliefs.
A number of people in the office have "encouraged" me to sign up for one of those online services that match you with a compatible person. I've literally now met three people who have married their online match.
1/4 cup Splenda or other sugar substitute (look on the web for conversion charts)
Another shout out goes to one of my new favorite shows on television, Scandal. In the show, the main character, played by Kerry Washington, is dealing with a relationship/affair she had with the White President of the United States, who clearly is in love with her. Very interesting indeed.
And the only way to remove the fluoride is to remove all of the other healthy minerals in the water too. Whereas the chlorine is easy to remove with a simple filter which would leave most of the beneficial minerals in our pristine drinking water could still remain.
Seriously, Mr. Carney, how does a President fail to get even a single Representative of his own party to stand up for his budget proposal? Why can't a President in the lead get his own Senate Majority Leader to put a budget up for a vote, even if simply to get the Republicans on record as voting against it? How is responsible leadership going more than 1000 days without a budget for the government at all?
Besides vaginal sex, she reportedly also offered other services such as “BBBJ, AJ, AR, CIM” which explained her higher rates than other girls in Tang’s stable.
Sunday-20 minute walk pushing Adeline
As you may recall Kyoungmo Kim of now disbanded Especially When (interview & download link for one of the best songs ever written here) has started anew with Sunkyeol. Eager as I am to learn more about this band that already has had me obsessively playing the same song(s) over and over again, I'm very happy that he took the time to answer a few questions for Indieful ROK:
The state joy and happiness if ever the things deliver to people is newly found.
Dangled on steely fishing line
Now what to do with them??
Does is work? Research using “pause” procedure to enhance lecture recall found that with the pause students could recall 108 correct facts vs. 80 without the pause. Less can be more. Another study shows that active learning is twice as effective as lecturing. See Hake 1988 article in American Journal of Physics which shows students learn twice as much when instructors used active learning techniques. Often variation in student questioning can help students learn. For instance, instead of picking one students to respond, ask all to reflect for 60 seconds. When working with teams, Prince gave us a scenario to reflect upon the problems with a team-based assignment. Collaborative learning (CL) using structure to improve teamwork. Regular self-assessment, positive interdependence with individual accountability. Give students complex activities where they need each other to complete the learning activities. Springer, et al (1999) Effects of Small Group Learning paper showed CL works.
Slice the dragon fruit down the middle and scoop out all the nice flesh, with a spoon. It’s very soft, so this is easy. Chop the fruit into small chunks and puree in a food processor, or blender, till smooth. Dissolve the sugar into the lemon juice and water, by heating it in a saucepan over medium, or in the microwave. Once it’s cooled down, stir it into the dragon fruit puree and refrigerate for about an hour. Then pour the mixture in your ice cream maker and follow your manufacturers directions. Transfer to a bowl, and cover closely with plastic wrap. Freeze till ready to serve. Since it’s mostly fruit juice and water, it may harden quite a bit. Remove from the freezer and allow to sit and soften a few minutes before scooping, or zap it for a couple seconds in the microwave!
When I’m not in a rush to have the soup, I like to let it rest overnight in the fridge, skim off the fat in the morning, and add in fresh veggies so that there is something to chew (don’t get lazy, teeth!). Other than that, this is a pretty straight-forward recipe. Simple, delicious. What more could you ask for?
From the creator of Sonic, a little game about a kiwi who needs to find it’s mother. When I say it’s a little game, it’s a very little game. It lasts about two-three hours, but the time it lasts is fun.
Let us never forget that the Kama Sutra was originally intended to provide “advice for a courtly gentleman on how to live a well-rounded life”. As Hef will shortly learn, there’s more to being well-rounded that imitating an anus.
GIRL CAN’T HELP IT
between my ears
But sometimes, if you’re with the right people, something magical happens. Fortuitously, the people I was attending the wedding with yesterday happen to be the right people for something entertaining to happen when discussing things.
For almost 2 years now, we’ve been attending Bethel Church. Prior to that we had been at the same church for 20 years. Bethel has taken some getting used to, and most of the time I still feel like the “new kid”. I’ve made an effort to get involved in the body life. I serve in the infant nursery once a month. It helps them, and bonus…I get my baby fix! I love serving in nursery. I’m also involved with a ladies’ small group that meets twice a month. We’re currently reading and working through this book. The thing is that Bethel is huge compared to our last church home, and we still aren’t used to that. The classes they offer and the small groups help, but I just think it’s really hard to transition anywhere when you had been somewhere else for so long!
Beautiful and artificial
Hair – E29. 37. 25. 21. 49. Bow & Tights – V17. 15. 09. Eyeshadow – V17. Skin – E04. 02. 00. 000. R20. Converse – 100. W7. V17. 15. 09. Socks – 100. W7. Heart – R59. RV69. Dress – BV29. 25. 31. Ruffle – V01. 04. 00. Collar – V17.
It’s funny how old men flirt with young women. My grandpa does it and so did this Italian charm salesman. He took a hold of my hand and asked if I was married with a twinkle in his eye. I wasn’t wearing my promise ring, so I guess it was a valid question! When I answered I would be soon, he pulled me closer and said, “Tell him he’s a very lucky man.” Ha! So Italian and so adorable.
Another bright blue day out there today, that’s supposed to last until tomorrow, then the rain is predicted to be heavy over the weekend. It got cold overnight, there was already frost on my vehicle at 1 A.M. when I finished work last night. What that means for round two of the flowering trees that were just about to bloom remains to be seen, I will check on that today, along with the lilacs that were just beginning to bloom. It’s been so nice to smell real lilacs rather than the heavy artificial lilac scents that manufacturers add to products, nothing like the real thing!
“Well, the truth of it is this, dear heart. If you look up, tell me what is the first thing you see?” the man’s daughter looked up into the vault of heaven and all around as far as her head and eyes would allow and shouted: “Stars!”
I served these with Meat Loaf. My husband was very happy-- he loves vegetables. We both felt that these were cooked, just right. Not mushy... slightly crunchy in the center. Sweet. Yum!! I love cooked carrots, this way.
October 8 – Early morning visit to Victoria & Albert Museum, son loved the weapon room, I loved the jewelry, what a huge museum, so much to see! Had tea in the little museum cafe, and then a walk through Hyde Park, I took the child to his favorite place, Hamley’s. From Hamleys, we went on to Harrods for High Tea (£16.50 per person). It was very pleasant, sitting out in the glass room over looking the roof tops while sipping tea and eating scones, pastries and sandwiches. That evening the hotel made reservations for our last dinner in London at a restaurant called Al Bustan, a Lebanese restaurant on Old Brompton Road, around the corner from our hotel. It was the perfect “last meal” – the service was impeccable, the food was delicious (£80 for three of us again, lots of food ordered and wine), and to the hotel to sleep – as the driver was picking us up at 4:30 a.m. the next morning to take us back to Heathrow.
· Words to Live By—Girls will discover great Bible verses for memorizing.
The adoptee (for sake of argument I’m talking about newborn adoption) might be hurt by both sets of parents. Even in an open adoption how does a child come to terms with parent not raising them, especially if there are more children after they were born. The child might feel hurt and betrayed by both sets of parents. The adoptee might never understand why they were placed and why they could not be kept with their original families. And then you bring on top of that sealed records, falsified birth certificates. It would be a struggle for anyone to manage this “triad” with all the mixed emotions.
So living in Saskatchewan like we do, there isn’t really a great abundance of fresh sea creatures at the ready, thank goodness for the technology of freezing! This is where we start our adventure: our local fish and seafood vendor has a wide assortment of sea critters for us that are caught fresh and then frozen that we defrost in water! Here is our lovely assortment of marine wonders.
We’re closing in on the end of spring semester! For most students, this means project deadlines and final exams are looming. We know how stressful the weeks around finals time can be. Don’t panic. We’ve got you covered with some great resources!
Adolescent boys and girls, with no aggressive arts or weapons training whatsoever, could aces fights with about anyone or annihilation and win.
And even though the top was large and in charge, the whole thing felt too small for this space.
the next great song. So be it, Avernus,
I was drawn to the shapes and the bright colours - but I also wondered about the unpainted wooden square on the right. Perhaps it once held flowers or incense. It just doesn't seem to be part of the original structure. If you have any theories, do let me know.
With crackling action like this, it’s little wonder that Commando became such a hit in the early 60s…I’m just sorry I was slightly too young to read it at the time. I’m glad to have caught up with it now and I’m sure you will be too.
I wrote this list while I was still pregnant, so some of it is present-tense even though I'm no longer pregnant.
If you terminate to buy refilled or recycled ink cartridges either from a fund or from a website, you can sure economise some money but the scathe it can do to your machine leave establish to be many expensive. Retributory be reliable to study the ones that worship a vouch.
There are certain plays I would like to direct, but it would depend on where I was directing it and with whom. Like some of the great Shakespearean plays if you could put together a cast that I thought could maybe do it.
Red chilli powder – ½ teaspoon
Ink: Island Indigo
Beginners often make the mistake of not relaxing the arm during the recovery and of moving the hand too high and too far away from the body, in some cases even higher than the elbow. In these cases, drag and incidental muscle effort is increased at the expense of speed. Beginners often forget to use their shoulders to let the hand enter as far forward as possible. Some say the hand should enter the water thumb first, reducing drag through possible turbulence, others say the middle finger is first with the hand precisely bent down, giving thrust right from the start. At the beginning of the pull, the hand acts like a wing and is moved slower than the swimmer while at the end it acts like an oar and is moved faster than the swimmer.
So this morning when my headache moved to only one side of my head! I got the Only Son ready for school, pulled on my gym gear, pressed RiRi into my ear and set off for some phsical activity!
Learn how to govern – get some advice from your pal Blago if you have to.
We don't talk much, it's hard, we are soooo different BUT I do try to keep in touch.
Here we had been in this mindset of scarcity all these months...closely guarding what was "ours"....but where was the giving? Where was the room for abundance to flow into our lives?
The campaign with a media budget of more than Rs 100 crore, to quote O&M executive chairman Piyush Pandey, is “all about enabling India” and “looks forward to the people of India not just appreciating Vedanta efforts, but getting inspired to do something on their own to make India a happier place.” With that lofty goal, Vedanta’s communications and brand director Senjam Raj Sekhar told the media that the MNC “opened up all its projects and locations to budding independent filmmakers”.
Island of Dreams
In a final effort to find relief, I slowly and awkwardly dragged my favourite supportive lawn chair from the garage to outside and positioned it under the young cherry tree that I had planted three years ago. With a soft creamy pashmina wrapped around my shoulders, I climbed into the chair and reclined back and watched as the speckled sun cast it's beautiful glow through the dancing shade of the cherry tree leaves that were silently casting their shadows upon my body.
Darkly atmospheric, Masque of the Red Death beckons us into its dichotomous world with the crook of a diseased finger, delighting us with technological advancements beyond those of our reality while simultaneously horrifying us with the deterioration of human health and quality of life. One page paints pictures of sumptuous debauchery for those who can afford it, with steam carriages for transport and needles full of liquid oblivion to escape the gruesome deaths of those unfortunate enough to contract the Weeping Sickness, while the next details the dirt, grime, and disease crippling the city one sore-ridden body at a time. We can almost feel the disease itself settle on our bodies with a tangible weight, our fingers itching to rub our skin red to alleviate the psychosomatic tingles as we follow Araby down from the highest perch above the city into the gutters themselves, discovering along the way that sickness isn’t only physical, and those suffering from it the most are often hiding behind wealth and privilege.
Imports no longer will comprise the backbone of the list, bottle or draft. That time is now finished for me, as much as I hate to say it. My heart won’t change, but my head will. We took it as far as we could, when we could and rather than fight futile battles that cannot be won, we’ll take stock of reality and compete elsewhere.
Kenjian
I am having a really hard time planning for the week today. My Language Arts block has been a little schizophrenic this year and I am having trouble getting to everything in my plan book (go figure...). I must admit that teaching Language Arts is not my strong suit. I am a math girl. And I have definitely been struggling all year just to get through my Language Arts block. I have wonderful ideas, but I tend to get sidetracked. You see... I am not used to planning with a TE, let alone six of them. In my experience student teaching, I did not even see a TE. My mentors used the state standards and Common Core Standards as their guides. Their combined experiences, professional books, textbooks, and the internet were my guides. Not to mention, these books are brand new to my school and 2 of the 3 third grade teachers are brand new to the profession. So here I sit, reading through all of the ideas and activities in my TE and trying to piece it all together.
Red Carpet Fashion Awards: so, this blog was my introduction to fashion. I used to take a look at what actresses wore at the Oscars or maybe the Golden Globes and Cannes, but that was pretty much it. I think it was through RCFA that I got to know the previously mentioned e-boutiques, as well. I guess the consistent critique with a rigorous eye for detail has sort of shaped my aesthetic, as I now abhor tights and find myself very bored at black pumps (I don’t however share in the hatred for white shoes). I also find their work very respectful, as I understand it’s hard to say someone is outstandingly not well dressed without being offensive.
I have meaningful thoughts. I have answers to questions. I have clarity.
Lucian’s work The Death of Peregrinus or The Passing of Peregrinus), 11-13:
Here is what I came up with:
The “pornographic pictures of young girls” Finn became aware of more than fit the definition of what the Bishop knew authorities should be alerted to, Baker said. “There were policies in place. But they didn’t use them,” Baker said.
There are over 200 working pinball machines, some dating back to the 1950's. Each machine has a placard on top that gives the machine's history; the year it was constructed, how many of that model were manufactured, the designer and critical player reaction. You can really lose yourself in this place, especially if you're in a certain age category that will go unmentioned. It's $10 bucks for an hour of open play and worth every penny.
Am I a soldier of the cross,
I still can't extend my arm all the way out, though I haven't worn a sling since the first week of my injury, but, after the news in the second week that the cracked ankle bone wasn't healing in a perfectly aligned manner - a millimeter off, the doc said - I did get better news on the ankle today. No more shifting of dem pesky bones. Gonna peel open a Halloween Fun-Size peppermint patty sometime today in celebration - perhaps when I sit out on my porch later tonight and give candy to the spooky things that pass by. Apparently, every NOPD district station will be giving away candy as well...just a couple of days after they had a prescription toss-out event. Check your treats, kids.
Not only had Matt and my sister went to a lot of work to invite all the people I love, they provided quite the spread of food! Lindsey, Mom and I'm sure many others worked all day friday and saturday to put this beautiful table together. What a gift!
Me uncaged
I think I actually wear more maxi-dresses in the winter than the summer, which is the reverse of most people, but there is something really exciting about a long skirt in winter and a crumpled glamour about the possibility of getting the hem wet and dirty.
Miriam in the Desert by Jacqueline Jules with illustrations by Natascia Ugliano
Fellow psychologist Frederic Wertham missed the message too. He considered Wonder Woman “one of the most harmful” crime comics and the character “a horror type. She is physically very powerful, tortures men, has her own female following, is the cruel, ‘phallic’ woman. While she is a frightening figure for boys, she is an undesirable ideal for girls, being the exact opposite of what girls are supposed to want to be.”
Presumably they continue their sacrament-fueled partying the trio famously did in Berlin earlier this year and commemorated with a full page ARTFORUM ad. As for Linzy there is no speculation as to why it happened. He is still scheduled to speak at the The School of The Art Insitute on March 28. Earlier this spring it was heard that Linzy had been searching for a venue in Chicago, did one deemed "better" or more "high-profile" pop up? It's anyone's guess as to why and how this went down.
Buttons are blue
All I can remeber for now.
Simplify 101 is also super excited to announce this brand new workshop. In Organize Your Create Space, you’ll learn how to organize your creative space so it inspires you and supports your creative process. You’ll enjoy your creative work even more and have more time to create. Whether you scrapbook, sew, or make cards in a multi-purpose space or one dedicated to your creative work, this online workshop teaches you a step-by-step process to transform your space into an organized and inspiring creative haven. When your creative space is organized so it supports your
Pendleton said he ordered vegetables instead of fries with his chicken sandwich. When he started to eat his broccoli, he saw something gray on the plate he at first thought was a mushroom. "I start to turn it over. I see this gray-green patch," he said.
Curses! Still, though, I was pleased with the result, and today, brush script has a campy appeal all its own (the "T" is mine). I'm still proud of this very 80s design, and it's always been one of my favorite secret pranks. Most of my classmates liked it just fine, though I heard a little griping about it being too "punk rock." There was some speculation about whose fingerprint it was, but everybody assumed it was a student's, most likely mine.
As I dream, ideas drift in and out. Ghosts haunt my dreams, moaning their epitaphs, hints of a story I should tell. Inspiration still only a mist in the darkness. The fog is dense, yet I trundle through it, searching, culling, yearning for a clear view of an idea. Waiting for the arrival of her highness, to bestow upon me a whim that might cause but just one person a giggle. me, the recipient, anxious for that one guffaw.
Chairs will be provided, however, for your comfort, we encourage you to bring a body pillow, bean bag chair, or floor cushion for extra comfort – lounging at the movies.
As with most large, successful news organizations, the BBC does not have that problem. They have apps for all portable devices and they are all easy to use. They constantly update them and look for ways to improve to make them more user-friendly. This includes a recent announcement in which they have updated their phone app to automatically detect and adapt to the device to provide optimal size and format for the phone being used.
First can I just say a big hello to my new followers *waves to my new pals* Lovely to see you! It also means I've crept closer to the big '30' followers which was my target for the first blog giveaway :-) Guess I better get busy making something for that then! Hope you'll all enter!
We have family and friends who have offered us their showers and washing machines
He came back from an injury to pitch in the bullpen, then work his way back to the starting rotation, where he thinks he belongs. He’ll report to spring training in Arizona in February, and Steve Dintaman says he has a chance to be playing with the Dayton Dragons in front of a hometown crowd next year at Fifth Third Field.
They were aware.
Where it will merge with other rivers, wild and rough and free!
I went with a non-traditional color as the new Magnolia papers very much inspired me. They are just gorgeous!! This is my first coloring after going to the intermediate Copic course. I learned more about light sources and while I don't quite have that mastered yet I do have a better idea about it. Now practice!!
Yesterday I was at the grocery store with Children 1 and 2. Child 1 really likes to walk/run down the aisles and watch the food go by out of the corner of his eye, so I'm used to having to tell him to watch where he's going and such. He was walking down an aisle, and there was a woman crouched down, inspecting a can of something. He stood right in front of her, too close, and waited for her to move away. From the other end of the aisle, where I was stuck behind Child 2 and a bunch of other people, I started yelling to him "Child 1. Go around her, please!" But he didn't, he just stood there. She eventually got up, with a really annoyed expression on her face, so that he could pass.
In this 1980′s nostalgia movie, Julia and Robbie fall in live and break up. When Julia elopes to Vegas to marry another man Robbie chase her and propose in a plane with a little help of Billy Idol.
Obviously, I'm one of marketing's leading lights and a professional fucking powerhouse, so this hasn't even caused me to wake suddenly and explosively in the night with a sense of oppressive, all-encompassing dread and a very pressing need to shit buckets and buckets of worryingly soupy feculence. I haven't been doing that at all, no way, fuck you, jog on, fuck off, what, me, no way, fucking help me I'm dying, get lost, fuck off.
Short of a smoking gun with his name on it (sorry for the mixed metaphor) it’s hard to see how that answer, could give rise to any case now. He was not denying the payment, strictly, but stating he had no knowledge. Forgetting could be a legitimate reason for having no knowledge.
Born: 12/17/1781
In a world flush with uniqueness
Since before time began
Have you seen any vintage paper dollars based on children's books?
Gee Santa, I didn’t ask for a Bluetooth!
Embellishment: WoC- flowers, Papirdesign- flower,
Because when it comes down to it, John is my home; and when I am with him I will be happy. Even if we live out of a box.
President Obama is crowing that the unemployment rate is falling—to 8.3% in January—but he and his party are still insisting as part of the payroll tax deal that payments to the jobless must increase again. So add on another $30 billion or so to the $200 billion that this extra "unemployment insurance" has already cost since the recession...
Blames the airline.
1. No purchase necessary.
3. Springtime means bare feet. At least around here. Think about the last long walk you took, on purpose or not, how far did you walk?
Top ten list about anything, be it related to you, the book, the characters, etc. Anything is game.
Most Adventurous Brewery: CIB Brewery - Between a bourbon ale, a boozed up quadruple brown ale, a beer made with volcano peppers and a brisket beer, CIB took a lot of chances (though they didn't all hit the mark, necessarily)
Oh, she's not perfect. She still antagonizes her sister, she's still REALLY distractible, and I still have to remind (nag) her to complete even the most basic morning routine tasks (that she REALLY should know to do, even at age seven) before we are late, damn it. But, the crux of the matter is that she is tending to stop negative behaviors before I get all pissed off and punish-y. Most of the time, these days, a warning will suffice. And that, my friends, is AWESOME.
Were getting more snow and ice tonight. I think I'm getting sick of it.
So what does that have to do with Church? I was listening to a sermon that had nothing to do with this idea when i suddenly had the outline for this book in my head. I wrote it down, mainly because I've come to realize that my mind will also forget about it until I am in the middle of something else.
You cant produce something in public that you haven’t first experienced in private
Helping others
Sometimes it’s just so hard to focus, isn’t it?
We had a 9 AM appointment at Allegheny. Colleges do their best to make prospective students feel wanted, and Allegheny had a TV monitor in the admissions office that scrolled through the names of all the high-schoolers who were visiting that day, including my son:
Stephen Byrne (Louis Hayward) is a writer, but not an especially successful one. He is first seen seated outside his riverside home and working on a manuscript. When a neighbour comments on a foul animal carcass that the current has been carrying up and down the waterway for days, he remarks that it’s a similar story with his writing – his publisher keeps returning it. Despite the light tone of these comments, the river, and its tendency to return anything tossed into it, plays a significant (and even vaguely supernatural) part in the plot. While his professional shortcomings only serve to hint at a weakness in Stephen’s character, the sly, lustful glances he steals at his attractive housemaid make that flaw obvious. Taking advantage of his wife’s absence, he decides to try his hand at seducing the help. However, his inadequacies manifest themselves again and he botches the attempt. What’s worse is that in an effort to prevent the girl’s cries from alerting the neighbours to his philandering, he accidentally strangles her. These early scenes inside the opulent yet oppressive home, all carved furniture and flock wallpaper, are particularly well staged and shot; the extreme angles and the high contrast photography conveying a sense of claustrophobic menace and terror. Having his brother John (Lee Bowman) stumble on the killing might appear to be just one more calamity to befall this man. Nevertheless, it turns out to be something of a godsend. John, with his stiff leg and retiring manner, is the polar opposite of Stephen, a kind and considerate man whose sense of civic duty is only exceeded by his loyalty to his brother. So, when Stephen begs for his help in covering up what he claims was merely a tragic miscalculation, John agrees to bail him out. With the body of the unfortunate servant bundled into an old wood sack, the two brothers row out on the river at night and dump the evidence. But it’s from this point on that the story begins to twist and turn like the meandering river and continues to do so until the literal and metaphorical tide brings everything back home. As events unfold, the contrasting characters of the two brothers are thrown into sharp relief, John’s stoicism and honour growing as the crisis deepens while Stephen’s venal and deceitful nature gradually consumes him.
22.01.82 Aberystwyth University
The Eskenazis are just the Argentine equivalent of 'Lucky Larry' Silverstein who made $7 billion when the twin towers fell (on the basis that the plane strikes - which as anyone with the most rudimentary grasp of the laws of physics knows, were not the reason the buildings collapsed - constituted *two* separate events). Shameless Jewish profiteers from crimes committed against others.
After it became clear that Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick would be tied up in legal troubles, and eventually locked up, Detroiters elected Dave Bing in a special election. Dave Bing was, and is, a Democrat, but as the founder and owner of Bing Steel he also has private-sector business experience. Bing possesses an understanding of the basic laws of supply and demand and a strong moral character.
Apples are at the top of the list of produce most contaminated with pesticides in a report published today by the Environmental Working Group (EWG), a public health advocacy group.
Original Recipe
my “baby” brother Dave. Happy birthday bro! Ain’t nuthin’ “little” about you!!
One day tiger gave his wedding party to his friends.
Have you been writing for a long time? What do you like about writing?
Before the 1830s, trains had not yet spread widely across the English country side and many factories still relied on canals for the transport of raw materials and goods to market. The postal system and its need to carry mail and people along particular routes required reform and refurbishment of the infrastructure during the late Regency period. Thomas Telford and John McAdam (of the Tar-McAdam or tarmac fame despite his not using tar in his construction, but possibly because of family business in the 18th century involving tar and shipbuilding) led to widespread renovations and improvements (in terms of the roads taking people where they wanted to go) on the Roman roads, including the Great North Road, the corridor between London and Edinburgh that is now called the A1.
Stan might also be making the connection that his mafia friends are not so friendly after all. This season has been better so far with the exception of us following the politician, which is a bit boring. I’m assuming he must still be connected in some way, perhaps his rival will be linked to it all, and he will be involved in uncovering it, thus redeeming his professional reputation.
On the other hand, there are those that spend an enormous amount of time in the boss’s office. Perched on the edge of their chair, a basket of freshly made muffins and a smile that even Colgate would question. They hang on every word from their beloved leaders’ mouth and pretend like they know what the heck is going on. This, my friend, is a brown noser in the making. Their competence level is strained at best, and they were hired for looks, connections or rate of speech (yes, even novices how to strategically land a job by fast talking their way into the hearts of the decision makers). I used to say this to my oldest as he was growing up. Feel free to use it. Your face will get you in the door; your heart will keep you. I’d modify that slightly for this blog – Your face will get you in the door; your talent will keep you.
Do you believe in Miracles?
Further Kompany says Manchester derby this time is drawing attention of the world. Currently he is almost the same as the derby El Clasico. Belgian player has even cited the enormous impact that this derby to Indonesia.
Or did you know better about the worth of these young people before you took it upon yourself to mar what should have been one of the highlights of their lives? Did you know for a fact that, if it was indeed an alliance of brains and money that got them to university, it was money that hadn’t been toiled for long and hard by parents for whom no sacrifice was too great?
Just let a preacher, a true man of God, fresh from being alone with God, acquainted with deep and aching hours of prayer, get up in the pulpit. Let him look out at the people before Him, his heart breaking for he sees them as God does: sees their sinfulness, knows their depravity, realizes their unfaithfulness. Let this man, fresh from the depths of God’s Word, begin to pour out God’s truth.
4. Splash some olive oil in a large pan. Add the onion and the chorizo pieces. Fry for a minute or two, then add the cooked rice, and the fish.
In the last 5149 years of the existence of the Bhagavad Gita, there is no evidence of someone becoming a terrorist after reading it. In fact, Mahatma Gandhi wrote commentaries on the Bhagavad Gita and it was an inspiration for his non-violent movement. The Bhagavad Gita is a unique scripture which caters to the entire range of human evolution, comprising every level of this vast existence.
We've been asked to publish the artist's sketch of the suspect in an abduction/robbery that occurred recently on the UNA campus. Readers who have contacted us have feared the suspect's crime was cut short in some manner and his victim was lucky to escape.
Each year, teachers request many un-recyclable items that I would not purchase for our home (plastic markers for example), but would consider for school use. In a perfect world, teachers would keep "still good" supplies for subsequent classes or at least donate them to the local thrift shops at the end of the year. Better yet, manufacturers would offer non-toxic stainless refillables of modern staples such as markers, and teachers would limit their demands to those available and reuse them. But until then...
I’m only starting with this because it’s going to be short.
This move to lobby for Van Gundy’s job is another bad PR move by Howard. So I am going to guess that his bad advisers are still on his payroll. This move to get Van Gundy fired exposes Howard as a controlling, spoiled athlete. If he was so unhappy with the performance of Van Gundy or with their relationship, why retract his trade demand? Why sign a document to waive his ETO? If you are man enough to demand that he be fired behind close doors, then be man enough to stand up and say that you did it! It is very clear that Howard is not who we thought was.
Save $0.50 on Mr. Clean with the Scent of Gain Liquid or Spray
Q034) If you were a boy, which member would you want to date?
So I'm just wondering ... do you keep certain items reserved for special occasion and company-only use, or do you mix pieces from Target (or other) and Noritake (or other) with abandon and just enjoy your things? I'm getting a little tired of being a curator and think I need to get my set of china into the kitchen and onto the table. What do you think?
Let me say this upfront: I think it’s great if employers want to support their employees’ access to varied food choices, safe movement options that they enjoy etc. I do not think it’s ok for an employer to force their idea of health or healthy habits onto employees.
In the context of Martin Luther King’s career as a Civil Rights Leader they can discuss tone, quotation versus paraphrase and the difference between an assertion and a conditional statement. In fact, a longer look at the controversy over the quotation could be a wonderful lesson on how words and sentence structure can really matter.
You're under no obligation to him if you sell that book. The only way you would be is if HE sold it, or you sold it to someone he showed it to within a couple months.
Respiratory conditions
Elizabethtown, named after Captain Moore’s young daughter, was incorporated quickly, becoming the first officially incorporated town in New Mexico, and a post office opened before 1866 was out. By the time Elizabethtown celebrated its first birthday, the population had ballooned to 3,000. Or 5,000. Or maybe 7,000. No one really seems to know for sure, but a lot of people showed up in a short period. Just before 1870, E-town, as miner’s referred to it, boasted over 100 buildings, including a couple hotels, seven saloons (some 200 feet long), three dance halls, and a drugstore.
Late last year or early this year, can’t remember, I decided to participate in the One Word project that you can learn more about over at http://www.oneword365.com
We spent less than two hours. Yormark was in such a hurry that we never got out of his SUV. We spent a good segment parked, talking. We never got out of the neighborhoods close to the AY footprint. We never set foot in Prospect Park, despite my urging that he get a sense of the landscape. Never got food. Never took a bathroom break.
Another girl who can do nothing wrong in my opinion is Kate Beckinsale. Here she is sporting a pair of Pigalles. Now Kate has very sexy legs, yet add a pair of Pigalles, and she makes men drool all over their shirt fronts.
“Hello! It’s beautiful day for a beautiful girl!”
Next up is a beautiful wall cabinet at Jennifer's house. She thought about painting it but ultimately decided to leave it since it was original to the house. I'm so glad she did! It's such a beautiful piece.
1 1/4 cups whipping (heavy) cream
"You'll have to be careful."
I am so glad I hung out in punk clubs while I was cutting school and being “very disappointing” because I had “so much potential” It makes me laugh now. Most of the time sitting in school was listening to teachers go on about themselves. I had a teacher that liked to talk about how much he related with “Porkys” the movie, why? Or the female teacher who would do exercises in low-cut dresses in front of junior high boys? WTF? Is wrong with people?
Finally, a group of Christians in Haibasa district in Jharkhand state were forced to leave their village after a series of attacks by local villagers. The Christians took refuge at a local church but at last report are living without necessities. In the last of the attacks, the violent mob shut down all exit points to the village before assaulting Christians with iron rods, axes, arrows and other sharp weapons, severely beating four Christians. Other believers, including children, were locked in a room where the assailants attempted to burn them alive. Thankfully police arrived before they could carry out the murders.
“The defendants stand charged based not upon any words or beliefs they might espouse, but based upon their own plans and actions,” U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach said in a statement.
“The forty days of the soul begin on the morning after death. That first night, before its forty days begin, the soul lies still against sweated-on pillows and watches the living fold the hands and close the eyes, . . .The living know that, at daybreak, the soul will leave them and make its way to the places of its past . . . sometimes this journey will carry it so far for so long that it will forget to come back. For this reason, the living bring their own rituals to a standstill: to welcome the newly loosed spirit, the living will not clean, will not wash or tidy, will not remove the soul’s belongings for forty days . . .”
Oh and when you attempt humour, we don’t want robots with ridiculously poor accents yeah?
You may have noticed that Mr Thomas has two default templates for his news articles. In the first – such as the baby tyrannosaur news item I covered at the end of this post, or the Io post – he takes a legitimate news piece and/or scientific study, and uses that as a launch pad to talk about something only vaguely related, usually something he claims ‘evolutionists’ cannot yet explain. Alternatively, in a post like this, he takes the study and reinterprets it to back up creationist ideas.
Finally, I have decided to pay attention to signs all around me. I have always done so, but I have become infinitely more sensitive to what the universe is trying to tell me, whether I will be ridiculed for this or not. The other day when I was driving from work, consumed by anxious thoughts, I looked out to see an incredible rainbow. I found consolation in its glorious beauty as the arch put my mind to ease.
There were no reports of earthquakes at the time.
Victorian bride
(Note: The ebook doesn't contain Compartments by Zoran Zivkovic)
The book starts out interestingly, as it begins (small spoiler) with Francesca poisoning the man who took over as Borgia’s poisoner (an actual position within many families in Rome? I could definitely believe it) after her father, who originally held the position, was murdered in the streets. The poisoner had many duties for the family, most of which included merely protecting the family from being poisoned.
in the history of the universe, I somehow figured out how to make it even better. My only competition is myself and I always win. Conversely, I guess that means I always lose too. Either way, this clam chowder is creamier and more comforting than a lactating angel’s teat.
Are people sick? Yes!
As you may have gathered, the transition from gear head single-speeder wasn’t quite as painless (literally) as I thought it would be, but I think it was worth it. Single-speed isn’t for everyone, but for commuting in a flat coastal city it’s certainly worth a try.
She knew that with the most painful certainty.
Here are my finds......
Son House greets his "discoverers", he hadn't known he that he was lost.
A couple of months ago Vicks hosted an blogger event to feature some products to help moms get through the cold and flu season, such as their Behind the Ear thermometer, cool and warm mist humidifiers and inhalers. We're coming out of the cold and flu season now, but their tips on getting the most out of your humidifier is more relevant than ever during allergy season, so I wanted to share them with you:
We also have some nifty old stuff in our house, besides me and hubby. They have sentimental value as they come from hubby's ancestors. This is a washboard that hubby's paternal grandmother actually used:
5 frog
There was a lot of blood.
By now the potatoes should be all lovely and roasted up, serve over hot potatoes with a glass of red wine.
I ordered a new RoadID bracelet along with a light and some ankle reflectors so I can feel comfortable running outside again. Since my friend Amanda’s accident, I’ve been a little leary of running outside, but my game is definitely off with just treadmill running. I’ve decided that I’m going to leave the gym to classes only and do my running outside. The weather is getting better for it too.
2 TBS lemon juice
Please feel free to share, drop me a comment, follow my blog and click on your social media site of preference. Follow me on Twitter: @mlinares10
Finally, after waiting another hour…. the bride and groom arrive to practice their show. Although, the celebration was supposed to start at 5:30pm… everyone was on BP Time (Black People Time) and it did not start until 7 pm. I was surprised to see several foreigners there and out of the 12 foreigners…5 were Black American… (we must have had all the Black Americans in the Province all in one spot….hehehe..I am surprise they didn’t riot)…The show began .. with the host doing some silly jokes in Chinese, the groom and bride saying some funny things about each other. Then they bowed to the audience… bowed to the parents… and bowed to each other. The parents sat down… and the bride and groom….exchanged rings, cut the cake, lite a candle together, and open champagne and made a toast. They walked back down the catwalk… and the bride gave the bouquet to her …Matron of honor. (no tossing of the bouquet here).
Next the Lord says: “blessed are the meek, for they shall possess the earth by inheritance.” To the meek and gentle, to the humble and modest, and to those who are prepared to endure all injuries, the earth is promised for their possession.
Suddenly, a fist smashed through the stomach wall of my mom and I yelled "Prepare ye selves!" then I finished my escape by doing a flying dragon kick to smash out into the world. I was naked, but I was born with a black belt around my waist. No one knew how it got there, but it was a miracle of medicine and this event was documented, if anyone wants to confirm it. I grabbed my umbilical cord and bit it in half with my teeth. The chunk that I chewed off I spat onto the floor, and it was immediately devoured by a nearby golden retriever. As soon I was born, I uttered my first words, which were "Where is my cake!? Incompetence!" and the doctors begged for forgiveness, which I granted them. The birthday cake was brought into the room, and a stripper burst out of the cake and she sang "Happy Birthday" like Marilyn Monroe.
So I got out my shotgun.
I’m still in a rush today but I took time to check my inbox and, lo and behold, I discover that somebody has actually sent me a photo of themselves wearing my mask! There are only a few problems I have with the photo, given my strict rules about adult-rated material. So, "Mr. J.", whoever you are, I thank you for the effort but ask that you keep your mobile phone snaps to yourself in future.
My dad loved her! Pictures will follow.
2. If our country’s financial status is so precarious — and it is — then perhaps the Left should be taking the whole “spend less / borrow less” themes more seriously. Obama’s threat that we’re that low on funds is more proof that we need to do something significant about our finances.
12603
Every year I start decorating for Christmas on November 1. Yes, November 1. But when Christmas is over and done, I'm ready to put it all away until next year and start with a clean slate. Usually, January brings a new home improvement project for me. Sometimes it's simple, like repainting a room, or cleaning the cabinets, organizing the home gym, taking multiple loads of unwanted stuff to the GW.
In the tea rooms, the staff busied themselves while we enjoyed the view from a lovely large balcony overlooking a bustling square below. Almost on cue, a performance started in the square with booming drums and a girl singing in Chinese. One of Elliot’s boys remarked – very correctly – that it sounded “a lot like cats f*cking”. Glad it wasn’t me lowering the tone for once.
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was with God in the beginning.
This is a Paper Nation set I've had for ever, not really into decoupage, but I must admit, this looks great. The letters are tarnished metal- I'd forgotten I'd got them to be honest, but they fit the gap just right!
it took a little practice at first, not trying to soothe bonzo out of a crying jag or not trying to create a world for him where he wouldn't have to have upsets that would result in tears, but it felt really right knowing that crying was bonzo healing, offloading and working through big feelings and that it shouldn't be confused with suffering.
And this is where acceptance is blocked out, by pastors who forget to love and preach that it’s ok to beat down our young men and women until the homosexuality is gone – as if it were possible to do so.
Diddy/Dirty-Money ft. Swizz Beatz perform “Ass on the Floor”
Then the nurse kept coming in and having my lay in different positions, because the baby was in some kind of distress... Then at 2am she checked me and I was 7cm, and she woke up Josh. I was excited it was almost time. I was progressing quickly. But then the nurse came in about 20 min later and said I have to have a C-section! WHAT! Are you serious. Then about 5 min later all these people came in, including my OB Doc. I had to sign this waiver. Then off they ran rolled me to the operating room.
This is the shell of the old Van Slyke Castle (also known as Foxcroft), built in the early 1900s, then passed along through family hands until it was sold in the late 40s, then abandoned, and eventually torched by vandals in the late 50s. (more about the history of the house here and here.)
- Cheryl Thornton
Same dogs bark.
And on a whim, despite the list
The University of Chicago Department of Visual Arts 2009 MFA Thesis Exhibitions are coming. The University of Chicago Department of Visual Arts 2009 MFA Thesis Exhibitions are here:
So I will keep on keepin’ on for the rest of this week and see how it goes. If this attempt is not successful, we’ll try again over Spring Break, and know that at least we made some headway in potty awareness.
Seeing the text above is probably going to be too small to read - I have cut'n'paste for you... Many friends and family have rsvp'd already and I am looking forward in seeing you there.
I do miss all of you so much.
Ecclesiastes 12:12
I learned, however, to find out a hotel re-entry plan when you get home really late. No joke, I was at the top of the chain link fence, ready to throw my leg over, when I was saved by a hotel employee who saw me and opened the gate. The next night he gave me a gate tutorial... A day late and a dollar short dude.
That's a place beyond endurance, beyond strength, and beyond all that you think you can be.
I influence nations
Is powerful enough
So, things are good, despite the worry that I can't talk about... some nice time with friends, romance blossoming, which is lovely actually, and this gorgeous warm weather is such a treat. I feel as if I come alive in the spring, a cliche, I know, but these light nights, the warmth, everything growing, it gives me a real boost.
I know that personally, when I’m drinking an adult beverage, I usually find myself tempted to tweet about it to show my support for some of my favorite brands, like Blue Moon, Magic Hat, Harpoon, and Rohrbach’s to name a few.
(thinks for a long while) I hope they are happy. and satisfied. but above all I hope our music inspires them. That would be the best compliment. Sometimes I am amazed to see the part our music plays in the lives of others. The child of Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin of Coldplay, for example, was born to our music. To be allowed to be present at such an intimate moment as a birth, that is almost impossible to understand.
Instead, the law was structured with a mandate, enforced by a penalty.
However, it must also be said that, within a decade’s time, by developing our own vast energy reserves, we could cut our dependency on Middle East oil and leave the Middle East to its own fate.
There are several great lessons in this demonstration. One is that we can so overload our life with spinning plates that we lose track of them and they all fall down. Another is that there are limits; spinning plates slow down (there is no such thing as a machine which, once started, runs forever). Another is that one cannot be stable on a stick unless you are (a) glued to it or (b) doing something. Another is that, if you are a plate and want to be stable without spinning, you are best off resting on a larger, broader, stronger foundation than just a stick (like a table). Another is that order and stability descend into chaos if left alone or if left to human intervention.
You made my heart leap
Cinnamon Maple Squash
Hey friends, remember me?!?!?
There was a man who sowed the seeds. He did not water or fend off crows or pave the way with plough and smashed pottery. His job was only to sow.
He must have called me twenty times the other night.
Lucky for me and my new alliance, I did some reconnaissance work beforehand and knew that the Tabac shop was indeed where we were to buy said stamps. So off we went. Ten minutes later, we returned to the lady who ushered us into yellow chairs along with the rest of the parade of stamp holders.
If you still don't know what or how to choose? No worries, they have it listed out in steps. Can you believe that? Here's how to start your order to the land of sinful-ness.
Summer is just around the corner, which means the dreaded Bikini season is also upon us. Here lies the dilemma… You want to get in shape and workout but you don’t want to pay for an expensive gym membership that you might not even have time to get to enough in order to get your moneys worth.
I love you so much. You have brought self-education to the masses in the same way that the printing press did back in the day, but faster for our instant-gratification culture. I love that you have taught me how to make my house look nice, or what's cool in science and technology. You've given me confidence to try new things. You have given me more ideas than I could ever fully process, and for that, I'm grateful. You complete me.
With over 50 goals scored, the story of this series has been the struggling goal minders in net and their ability to remain confident. The outcome of every game was decided on them, and saturday, Bryzgalov was the shutdown goalie, eliminating the Pittsburgh Penguins from the playoffs. Bryzgalov allowed 20 goals in the first five games, 10 of them in game 5, but settled down in Game 6 and gave up only Evgeni Malkin’s goal in the second period.
where women could whisper their true names.
No soul,
Night of Joy
Duck Confit with Herbed Spaetzle, Bing Cherries
E-40 - 44
We expect a difficult situation to change and for things to turn in our favor. At times our changes are critical. We lose our focus and get sidetracked along the way. When life hangs in the balance, we sometimes lose our perspective of God. Nothing is more evident about the nature of things than that they change.
This song was initially leaked on the Internet, and the makers, having noticed its popularity, decided to go for an official release.
I’m Listening to: I’d Rather be with You by Joshua Radin. I love the sound of this man’s voice. And the way the guitar has that sliding sound. I’m a sucker for acoustic guitars. I can’t help it. And Joshua is one of those artists who I never hear on the radio, so it’s always a treat when the randomizer on my computer brings his voice to me.
Got them since three weeks or so... They already look so used that you can imagine how often I'm wearing them. Sadly they are a little oversized, but since I've got the smallest shoe-size normally available...
The same principle has other uses, though. Let’s say you’re faced with a status quo that is obviously problematic and headed for trouble, and you want to envision an alternative. Even among thoughtful people these days, it’s all too common to meet this sort of situation by imagining the opposite of the status quo as your alternative, and assuming that since the status quo is bad, the opposite must be good. There are some obvious problems with this sort of thinking, and some that may not be so obvious; we’ll be talking in another week or so about the way that binary opposition locks into place whatever it sets out to oppose, for example.
And without the threat of being mauled by a jaw full of teeth, it’s easier to recognize that the hippopotamus — when pygmy-sized — can be pretty endearing.
.....Think simple! Newborns look best in their birthday suits (clothes don't tend to fit them yet, anyway!). Gather favorite blankets, especially those with texture! Dress children in solid colors (stripes or other geometrical patterns are fine), but avoid busy prints. Families don't all need to dress the same, but it's good to coordinate. For instance, pick a theme: pastels, shades of blue, red-blue (a great combination!), jeans, khakis, etc. I have two suggestions: look for family photos that you like and try to copy their style. Then lay out a bunch of clothes options on a bed and eye what goes well and what stands out too much.
He taught us to ask for wisdom
There are two ways to look at this issue. The first is the hands-off method. The savings you realize in transportation and food more than offset the increase in your electric bill, right? So you can leave well enough alone and still come out ahead. But for some of us, that’s just not enough. We want to knock down that bill as far as it will go and help save money on a recurring and often unpredictable cost. Thankfully, there are many ways to accomplish this. All it takes is a little work and some savvy.
The poem more or less speaks for itself – the octave describes the problem of being a horny middle class fantasist without your lover being there, and the sestet recommends wanking, because even if she was there she wouldn’t want to get into bondage anyway. In the era of E.L. James’ Fifty Shades of Grey, this seems humorously fitting. In the final version, I changed the final line to fit the metre better, and to add a caesura:
* 02 – Share it with Facebook – Tweet it on Twitter.
2) Travel freedom. Did you know that a US or Canadian passport isn’t particularly useful to travel to South America? US and Canadian citizens have to obtain a visa, in advance, just to travel to Paraguay! Or Brazil. Plus Argentina and Chile both charge ‘reciprocity fees’ on arrival (since the US and Canadian governments do the same thing.)
On an angry scale of one to ten, I am Hulk.
Logically, there might have to be a fall-back position, where the executive can draw down maintenance funds, pending approval, to keep basis services going – or not. If Congress does not approve the budget in the US, it falls. That tends to concentrate minds. Only, in this case, it is the people who stop the money. And money talks.
But what if the anti-Rae ad really isn't about hurting Rae? What if it's really designed to hurt the NDP? Well, if that's the case then the Tory attack ad makes perfect sense. And indeed, I believe that is the case.
Spoon yogurt onto folded paper towl and place in refrigerator for 20 minutes to drain and thicken or try using greek yogurt. In a medium bowl, whisk buttermilk, yogurt and mayo until smooth. Add vinegar and sugar and whisk. Stir in blue cheese and season to taste.
I didn't take a camera (shame, shame), but thank God it is 2011 and we all have smart phones. Waiting for the crazies to send me all their pics.
It’s very rare for a film to pull me toward the edge of my seat every time I watch it, but Summer Wars manages to do just that. It is very grounded and down-to-earth, and at the same time it features great action sequences and a compelling premise that anyone in our social network society can relate to. It draws you into both the dazzling world of OZ and the seemingly ordinary life of a closely-knit family.
Do you know that the main ingredient in many commercial cleaning London oven cleaning products is baking soda also called sodium bicarbonate? Using baking soda to clean the oven is a cheaper and a safer method. All you need is a 1 cup of baking soda, 1/3 cup of table salt and 1/3 cup of water in a bowl. Make sure the oven is cold before you start! Remove the racks from the oven, spray inside the oven with a cool plain water and then spread the mixture of the baking soda, the salt and the water. Leave the mixture to soak overnight.
-Year: 1987-1994
So this past Sunday I woke up a little late for church and needed to get ready in a short period of time, so I decided on wearing something easy but still chic. A classic wrap dress is great for times like this, super simple (no fuss), but still stylish. It's perfect for every silhouette and if you get it in a print, it looks a lot more than what it really is (although solid color wrap dresses, especially black offers a lot more versatility).
” Hey why don’t you become a priestess? It would be damn cool.. ” Tiku – the high priestess of Delhi. She has the divine power . “
1 1/2 c. flour
“How come? We discussed it. The world should know.”
Top Row: Fairy bread Ducklings (representing the baby animal nursery); Strawberry Shortcake Showbag containing strawberries; Macaron shell with a ferris wheel drawn on with Gourmet Writers (representing Sideshow Alley).
The warmth of the mansion vanished a chilled fog clouded her vision.
CAS lends durable medical equipment to San Gabriel Valley residents, saving money for individuals, hospitals and insurance companies, helping people who couldn’t otherwise afford the proper medical equipment, and keeping unused medical equipment out of landfills. In addition to their important mission, the staff and volunteers are wonderful to work with, creating a rewarding volunteer experience for the JRP pro bono consultants placed at CAS. Thanks to Mimi, Gay and Warry for their volunteer time, and to Dan and Jesse for being great to work with!
Freeway opponents began a new push to remove the freeway rather than repairing it, and they succeeded now that freeway backers could no longer say that the traffic displaced from the freeway would create gridlock on local streets. Herb Caen changed his position and supported removing the freeway rather than repairing it. The main opponents were Chinatown merchants, who claimed that their business declined by 15 to 40 percent after the earthquake.
Was it?
Great advice, Paige! I know a lot of us aren't spending like we used to and making some small simple changes like you suggested is a great way of getting a new look without spending a dime. Gotta love that! Be sure to check out Paige's delicate, feminine pretties in her shop Little White Chapel. Also, head on over to her blog Final Clothes-Out where you will see the journey that little shelf has gone through. =)
again thank you so much for all your ideas, they were very helpful and inspirational !
age of internet users is 26.
You're cozy and warm in your bed, my dear
4 kept
“I know it rained a little during their rally, I suppose their cloud-seeding efforts worked somewhat,” he continued. “But look at where we are today? The smog got worse instead. I can barely recognise the landscape. Visibility is back to just one kilometre, making it difficult for a lot of people like pilots, tourists and birdwatchers,” he said, pointing to the layer of dust on the other side of the window overseeing the city.
If a small cap fund has $400 hundred million in assets and grows to $500 hundred million the return is 25%. However the dollar amount is only $100 hundred million.
“We buy things we don’t need with money we don’t have to impress people we don’t like.”
CALDWELL
still flirts in the shadow
I am frequently tempted to help others. But life has taught me that this is of no use. The only person I can help is myself.
The only prerequisites are that it have a reasonably level place to park our rig, and offers free or nominal admission. We typically plan on spending a couple of hours.
Tales to Astonish #79 – signed by Gene Colan – winner (kpedd)
The man who accused me of sexual racism, went on to express the view that a mother's preference for her own child, over that of another's child had racism at its very roots. The gentleman in question appeared to view a mother's love as reprehensibly lacking in inclusiveness which may seem bizarre to most of us. However, in making that claim, weird as it may seem, he perhaps became closer to telling a truth about racism, or at least what is often condemned as racism, than he, or many of his ilk would ever admit.
As the wild landscape surrenders to timber harvests, pasture, agriculture and the needs of society, many of the ceibos are spared. They remain as living monuments to our vanishing rain forests. -Z
Then you get spotted with your dick in a piece of cheese by the young retarded lass that Safeway gets to use for free ('cause it's "work experience") to collect the trolleys from the car park and she starts screaming 'cause she's confused and a crowd gathers round, the bobby's come and take you away with the cheese in a zip lock bag, exhibit A. You make the front page of the local paper and have to register as a sex offender although no one got hurt and all the local kids throw Dairylea triangles at your house and call you Mayor McCheese.... Was it really worth it? Ostracized, an outcast, a pariah, it's all over.
“Discipline ‘makes’ individuals” states Foucault (1995, p. 170). He explains how there was, and perhaps still is, power over the people through the use of three techniques: hierarchical observation, normalizing judgment, and the examination (p. 170). After reading this text, I find myself questioning my perceptions of life, my beliefs, and more specifically how I experience this model in the school system where I currently work. I will discuss the importance of the development of critical thinking, lost in the constructs described by Foucault, but vital for a change from “the ‘physics’ of power” (p. 177) to empowerment.
Lest we forget, the Murdoch organisation effectively owns half the Republican Party – and lavishly entertained a large group of senior Met Police personnel at the height of the original Hackgate scandal. One senior retired officer (whose role remains unexplained) is Andy Hayman, a man employed today by Newscorp. My hunch remains that the civil cases will be the catalyst here: but that puts an awful lot of pressure on the likes of Steve Coogan and Jude Law.
Which I accepted, hoping that baby won't make his/her appearance early...lol
Like brand-new agents building a client list, brand-new publishers looking for manuscripts can seem like a very attractive prospect, especially to authors who are burned-out on the agent hunt, or have decided to skip it altogether.
Super Junior’s Choi Siwon is creating a stir by being chosen as the star with the highest profit.
7) Remove the date, walnut and oat slice from the oven and cool for approximately 10 minutes and then pour the melted chocolate over. Let it set for about half and hour.
My good friends Blueberry and Delia Guzman have seen fit to award me the fine award you see here. This award means the world to me especially since it's coming from two blogging women who I admire and respect so much. It's always nice to be recognized for one's work and it's even nicer when people as intelligent and progressive as these two gals do it. Thanks ladies for your kind words about me and my blog, it's a pleasure to write this stuff when I know that people like you are reading it.
Hyperphosphatemia Therapeutics – Products under Development by Companies 16
The most important people in Iraq, the people for whom much of the world is indebted for their faith, the first Christian nation on earth, were being completely ignored.
And the owl deep in his tree kingdom,
***NNO, you were my friend. I hope you learn your lesson, I would have been a loyal friend if you were the same to me, you threw me under the bus all to be friends with people who don't even like you. Remember this in your future relationships. And you didn't write that for me, you did it for yourself.***
Nash The Slash - Dance After Curfew (Club Mix)
Workplace Gallery was founded in 2005 by artists Paul Moss and Miles Thurlow. Based in Gateshead UK, Workplace Gallery represents a portfolio of emerging and established artists through the gallery programme, curatorial projects and international art fairs. Workplace Gallery currently resides in The Old Post Office, Gateshead; a listed 19th Century red brick building built upon the site where the important British artist, engraver and naturalist Thomas Bewick (1753-1828) lived and died.
A company from whom I have been ordering cuts for YEARS has done it to me again. They have discontinued a fabric critical to my purpose! Long ago, I planned this project for silk net I can no longer source. So, I have settled for silk net organza, which is a much more dense weave than I prefer, but it will have to do.
Last week a patient of mine complaining of cold like symptoms demanded a CT scan of the sinuses. She had been caring for her preschool age grandchild who attended day care and was now experiencing her fifth upper respiratory tract infection in the last 12 months. Her nasal congestion, sore throat, minimally productive cough, aches and pains and overall malaise were typical of the common cold caused by a host of viral agents seen frequently in crowded daycare center classes. She had no tooth, jaw or facial pain. We discussed why she did not need an antibiotic at this point and why exposing her to ionizing x- irradiation made no sense.
"Well a guy who was involved in a stabbing last night just ran through those two yard and either ran through your yard or your neighbors. We caught him on the other side of your wall."
a new post about my Iphone.
Send your entries on a Word document (double-spaced and 12 point text) to:
The heroine, Andrea, offers him a croissant, which he sees as being like‘...like a large, fat grub with a ridged body…’ He dislikes its yeasty smell. At home in the 16th Century, on what is now the Scottish- English border, he would have eaten rye bread, oatcakes or flatbread, which was rather like crispbread and could be stored by stringing it from ceilings. Research brought home to me how restricted food was, in the past, by locality and season. Per eats oats and rye, because that was the grain best suited to the north before the agricultural revolution.
As far as "controlling" my kids. Of course I don't control them. Nor do I want to control them. I want to teach them to control themselves.
It is difficult to discuss religion under Secular Orthodoxy, since it discourages the idea of God. Observant Christians and Jews are relegated to the same essential status as theosophists -- that is, they are people who have forsaken science for superstition. What is obscured by this false dichotomy is the fact that the secular worldview derives its belief system from the heritage of Christian Europe (and thus also the Jews). One may remove the theological philosophy behind it, but Western concepts of right and wrong, of the universe and man's place in it, have not yet diverged significantly from what they were in a time when almost everyone believed in God.
(d) neglects to shower on time at least once a week due to failed promise to stop after reading "just one more blog"
As for the KPMG document, “they said there are confidentiality issues. I have agreed to listen to their claims.”
analects ns.pl; collected literary fragments. What I have in my 'bottom drawer' of assorted book ideas, just-started novels, and related items.
At least Aleister Crowley, arch sorcerer of black Magick (his special spelling) thought so. "The Beast 666" (his own appellation) says:
Not so long ago rosado wines were considered by many to be sweet, simple, silly wines for summertime picnics. In just the last few years this perception has shifted dramatically. At The Spanish Table we now stock rosado all year long, in a variety of styles from numerous regions in Spain and Portugal. They range in hue from pale coral to ripe watermelon and express a spectrum of aromas and flavors. They can be dry or fruity, floral or mineral, ripe or lean.
Here is a quick look behind the scenes of D Powers latest Grime banger Horror Show which features Frisco,Chronik,Riko,Flowdan & G man with the Official Video set to be released soon.
Nadja Bender, after Burberry, London, February 2012.
Spinach. Mushrooms. Onion. Garlic. Blue cheese. Crust. That’s all you'll find in this amazing melty marvel. No sauce. No sautéing. No seasoning. Yet surprisingly, this savory dish turned out to be one of the tastiest meals I’ve made so far.
Alternative D.J. isnt your friend when hes cashin in on the latest trend
There is, I saw, a fine line between the hard-head and the bone-head. The denialist hard-head swaggers his way through life hearing only what he wants to hear, that warmism is either a hoax, a gross error or just another End-of-the-World scare story. But if you suspend your prejudices and your vanity for a moment, everything changes. You find out that the following statements are true beyond argument.
Single crochet together/decrease (sc2tog)
And my favorite quote for 2011
Father of the Chapel
playing and falling more in love with ZJ
That usually means the unexpected happens, or that there will be some things that happen that you didn’t see coming but should have, or you thought they happened, but they really didn’t.
Well, you’ve all heard the old saying about “any port in a storm” haven’t you? To make a long and sordid story as short as possible, I ended up having sex with a woman I wasn’t really that attracted to – on her living room floor under that painting of Christ – all because I was so lonely and horny that even sex with a delusional woman twice my age wasn’t out of the question! Did I mention that this wasn’t one of my “finer” moments?
- My men found wounded lion tracks crossing our property. Nobody knows how or why, but a seriously wounded lion is prowling about, (hopefully dead).
listen when you say something.
Let me leave you with a collection of photographs depicting the evening journey of the vernal sun, a beautiful celestial show that played out in the heavens during my drive home recently, making each mile enchanted and special.
Tribal Courts Assistance Program - Develop and enhance the operation of Tribal justice systems
write Birth Expenses on the memo line
Similarly, the fact that you can’t charge via USB (unless you plug into a PC or laptop) means that you’re forced to make room for the charger if you plan on taking the Acer Iconia Tab A200 away for a night or two.
Tomorrow I go back to school from Spring Break. I am excited, but I know I have a lot of meetings so I am not looking forward to that. This week we will be starting out rock unit. I saw that some of you are also study rocks right now. If you have a blog post about rocks please leave me a comment and I will check it out. I will be using some of the activities from
He knelt in front of her and took her breasts in his hands, pushing them together. When he ran his teeth and tongue over her nipples as he had earlier by the stream, she cried out, clenching her thighs together. She was so close to an orgasm all she had to do was move the right way. Did he know? Was he doing this on purpose, making her wait? “Dalmas, please.”
The virus is present in the most aggressive types of prostate cancer. Right now, we take a “watch and wait” attitude because we don’t know in which person the cancer will kill them, and in which the cancer will be controlled by the immune system.
I followed the second method while assembling simply because my soup bowls were not oven safe.
“This construction, which began on Monday, is being carried out in co-ordination with UNIFIL (the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon) and the Lebanese army,” she said. “The wall is intended to avoid frictions on the border.”
and said you had a crush on her,
First up I have the card I'm planning to give my pops on Father's Day! Using the new Super Dad set and the new Ribbon Banner Die, this card was a breeze!
!Would you guys autograph my sister’s scrapbook?” I didn’t know Taylor was a fa… Sister’s? Then why does it have a G on the cover?
I havent had much of a chance to bake lately, so really enjoyed it, even though it wasnt my best work. I think I will definitely try both recipes again – I already have a few ideas in my brain about other flavour combinations for the popovers, too.
-That does it...squeaked Miss Moussie...whilst a tear rolled down her cheek and froze dangling on her nose...I must go on a search...My dear friends out there in the white wilderness...never fear..Miss Moussie is here..I'm on my way to rescue you....make way for The Snow Patrol....
Oregon doesn’t have sales tax!
On a positive note, the region’s second-worst performer in 2010 experienced a significant opening in 2011. The press freedom score for Burma improved from 94 to 85 points as the regime tentatively implemented political reforms.
I am so glad that I have the best earthly mother and the best heavenly mother in all the universe! I don’t know what I would do without them!
I am going to talk about a very sensitive subject of mine, and one that I hold dear and will not tolerate from anyone. The subject is respect versus disrespect. This one goes primarily for women and children, but does go for men as well. Disrespect towards anyone is very uncalled for and inappropriate, but it seems the most disrespect is towards women and children, and that really upsets me. Men are the ones who usually disrespect people, some women do it too, but from what I have seen, it’s primarily men. The reason this is so sensitive to me is because of the high respect I hold for women and children; and the fact that I am a very protective person.
Love you all,
We finished up with coffee in the apartment. All our business sorted, there was nothing left but to say adios for another year.
My second daughter Daisy has given me a different signal. She responds to musicals in a very powerful way. She gets sucked into the performance and loves to sing the songs afterwards, sometimes being moved to tears. I will be taking her to “Mary Poppins” in a few weeks to see a live professional performance for the first time. Maybe her passion will be for singing or entertainment. It’s not a question of being brilliant at anything, it is a question of being allowed to follow your heart and find your element. As a parent I can only try to help.
The doctor was astonished.
Don't let the high nylon content fool you, these babys are SOFT!!!
All in all Stop Me Before I Kill! is an enjoyable enough early piece of non-horrror entertainment from Hammer Films. Director Val Guest generally keeps this from getting too dull but the production does dabble far too much into then-fashionable psycho babble. One of the bigger issues is that for the most part until the end there is no real threat yet this production still has enough in its favour to make it worth a watch.
but i've added a great new feature - an alligator clip to the back along with a pin,
“Remember the last spring when you first met Mickey from the two doors down and the bite he gave you became infected?”
Blue - self explanatory on this layout!
This becomes more forgivable upon actually reading the book, however. Hitchcock was so thoroughly faithful to the Bloch novel--with pretty much all characters and plot points accounted for and only a few nominal changes made for cinematic presence--that the book could just as easily have been a novelization of the film. This works both as a pro and a con.
I created a grid-like pattern of a several different papers, including some of the cardstock included in the collections. Sometimes a simpler layout in different sized squares creates a bigger impact. It's my go to layout whenever I'm stuck or just want to use some interesting patterns together. Whenever you have a pattern that you're not particularly sure how or where to use just choose some contrasting patterns and colors. They all work together most of the time and they will make your layout just a little more interesting!
Don't forget my three day palette knife workshop from Wednesday, March 28th - Friday March 30th. Orlando Florida, $325. One spot left!
This offer to use the amazing powers of Ms. Duval, who’s described as a medium even though her photograph shows what I’d describe as a petite woman, will lead to “miracles” (quotemarks hers) once she performs her very special ritual. And there’s nothing to pay; everything is FREE OF CHARGE (capitals hers). I understand that I’ll never be asked for money in return for the realization of my seven wishes, not now, never (alliteration hers, skepticism mine).
We are going to get some hardware for them too, eventually, it is dang expensive! We saw some that were $4.00 and $5.00 EACH, so 15 cabinets and 6 drawers later = .. Expensive. Maybe next month.
OK, so I've not posted this year. There's a lot of things I've not done - apart from doing more 'sorting' that is. I think that sorting things out seems to have been my forte for the last couple of years since I've been off work - which incidentally coincides with the conception of this blog of mine.
So, when you hear ‘mango nectarine’, does your mind go straight to “could they possibly be a hybrid between mangoes and nectarines?” Because that’s my mind went. It was the first question I wanted answered when I started doing a little research. And the answer to that question is… NO.
However, like absolute idiots, we did close to nothing to let you, our lovely, patient and good-smelling customers know which was which.
He still looks like the kid in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. But, then, he probably feels like the kid in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, with all the records he's selling lately.
So on Tuesday, you read HERE all that is stirring in my heart. I didn't intend to be a Debbie Downer, but after sitting on it a couple days, I am thinking, "Oofduh! Was I spirit squelcher, leaving you feeling heavy and burdened?"
I became hyper aware of the rustling of leaves and pine needles, of each movement in the underbrush and each shift in the light. I filled in my sensory gaps with my imagination. Was it a person or a deer who walked behind the tent? Is someone shining a flashlight this way, or is it only the movement of clouds uncovering the moon?
You see, I am the master of excuse-making.
Also...Chateau Vignelaure near Rians is making excellent wines...and so is Richaume in Puyloubier (Cotes de Provence), created by a cello-playing history professor and now run by his son.
The 4002 is a wonderful FACP ( Fire Alarm Control Panel). I like it because of it's Marchtime peizo.
“Autism is a lifelong developmental disability that affects how a person communicates with, and relates to, other people. It also affects how they make sense of the world around them.”
I choose these Yankee candle tarts for my reward this week. It sounds silly but i need little rewards along the way.
84 The Remains of the Day – Kazuo Ishiguro *
The patchwork of love is feeling stretched and frayed once again on this good day. As I watch those around me making transitions for better lives for themselves and their children, I could not help but reflect and meditate on my choices for my son’s life and my own.
DLP
Actually, by then it'll probably be PCSOs they'll send in, so we'll be able to revolt without fear of effective restraint.
The more the media elite push average, ordinary Americans to see the wedding cake topper as "a plastic heterosexual couple embracing" as if this is some sort of confectionery monument to heteronormative bigotry, the more there will be a backlash from those same sorts of ordinary Americans who don't particularly wish to see heteronormativity branded as evil and banished from sane civil society. Those who were pushing for gay "marriage" in North Carolina have learned that today, and it's just barely possible that President Obama may learn it a few months from now. There are too many kindly, tolerant, nice Americans who look at the wedding topper and see, not the derisively dismissed "plastic heterosexual couple," but their own reflections. And to be lectured again and again that seeing such couples as the normal basis for the family in society is somehow wrong is to create a growing rejection of so intolerant a message.
Some research tells me the beer was launched last summer and is contract brewed at Proef. It's 7% ABV and squarely in the Belgian blonde ale category, pouring a pale gold with an enthusiastic fizz which settles to a rocky white head. The aroma is intense and almost witbier-like with its citrus and coriander piquancy, promising sweet bubblegum underneath. So I was surprised to find on tasting it's actually shockingly bitter: I get a kind of raw greenness that shades towards washing-up liquid and lingers in the back of my throat. It's a beer I enjoyed smelling far more than drinking: even adding the lees to the glass did nothing to soften the harshness.
Take a deep breath, Alex. It’ll be “fine”.
Call me what you will. Just make sure you include the word consistent.
Written across the wall of the cave were the following symbols:
Was it love or just gamble?
Moreover, we have chosen to dramatically insert the state — with all its inadequacies and prejudices — into the world of private morality. In doing so, the boundary between the public and personal has been erased forever.
This past week I have finally started feeling you move....A LOT! Gabby and Daddy have both felt you kick even and Daddy even saw my belly move on the outside today. It is a wonderful thing but you are also making Mommy nauseous at times by all your acrobatics!
Each year I find it a little more difficult to find proper gifts for Cliff.
Even the mailman packs a 9.
'Let's Get Crafty' $45
A Kurdish man aged about 25 cut his legs with a razor. They were deep cuts and there was blood everywhere. He thought that if he cut himself they wouldn’t send him back. They took him to Healthcare. 3 days later he was released! But I’m not sure why.
Running on a treadmill is different than running outdoors, but I attribute my PR at the Turkey Trot to the treadmill runs. I get comfortable with the uncomfortableness of a speed when I’m using the treadmill vs. running outside. I still like to run outside, but with it being so incredible dark in the morning (my preferred workout time) I started using the treadmill at the gym instead. It’s also great to be on a schedule instead of just trying to fit it in wherever.
My good friend Debbie of Pacific Event Group just emailed me the link to The Special Event 2009, which will be held from January 27 through January 30, 2009 at the San Diego Convention Center. It's the world's largest trade show and convention for all event and wedding professionals. Since we are both in the wedding and event industry, we'd love to attend and it's going to be so much fun.
The second thing that really excites me about the Treasury membership is the soon-to-be released Notebooking Publisher. I am not all that handy with computer programs. While I would love to personalize notebooking pages to my children’s passions, I just don’t have time to figure out how to do it. The Notebooking Publisher will make this easy! I can work with premade templates and customize them or even start from scratch, then save or print each notebooking page. This means I can easily design pages to go with a special interest or my children can too! Access to The Notebooking Publisher, once released next month, is included in the Treasury membership. Learn more about the Notebooking Publisher right here.
Just in the beginning of May, Hubs and I celebrated our first anniversary day!
We got good variability with the heartbeat again this time. It was an average of about 152 beats per minute which is a good healthy number and the dr. even felt some nice strong movements from "her". Since everything is going so well he has decided to postpone the onslaught of NST's, ultrasounds and dr's apt's. He will see how the next 4 weeks go and then decide what course of action to take. I haven't had any more cramping and the braxton hicks are very irregular. I can go a day without getting a single one so it looks like my uterus is pretty inactive which is nice to see. So all in all a great apt and one the parents can be happy with. :)
Measuring omega 3s in canned salmon is not an exact science, however. All cans are not the same, and when declaring omega 3s, companies often rely on a government average. But the 3s will vary from fish to fish, depending on what rivers they’re from, the water temperature and depth, the season/month they’re caught and what they eat.
As for me, there are about three or four people among the group that I’ll talk to. One is my team’s production coordinator, a man about my age that I’ve known for ten years and consider to be the close approximation of a friend. Several times a day, we’ll chat about sports or the weather, and I’ll offer up a heartfelt “here” when I hand him my finished work.
wondering if i should purchase
What makes this book different?
He said the bodyguards submitted these complaints. According to him the two policemen didn't speak to Petros and the case is considered sub judice.
her most viewed post of 2011. This post explains the shocking info that one unsuspecting mother discovered when she started researching why her daughter had a violent allergic reaction to eggs. This is a must read post for ensuring the health of your family. You can also find I Thought
Me: Your wedding?
Oops.
Establish a price range beforehand. Once you begin to make profits you will certainly be tempter to keep the funds for yourself, but bear in mind that your company will not likely develop when you are not shelling out more with it. Plan upfront to invest a certain percentage of your income to build up your business additional.
Due to the amount of walking I am doing now, my Clarke's walking shoes were not providing enough support and my plantar fasciitis kept rearing it's ugly head. So, swallowing my love of shoes, I was fitted with a pair of New Balance 758.
I walked into the printing place, and the woman who helped me seemed to be about my age. I handed her my application, then she was like, “oh, you need to take a math test”. The look on her face and the tone of her voice, though, was more like a, *sigh* great, here’s another one.. Not very friendly at all. In fact, all of the workers there were not smiling. It kinda made me think twice about my decision.
- My maternity pencil skirt is getting a lot of use as well. Both the first skirt and this one make any shirt a maternity shirt. Who cares if the blouse covers your stomach? These skirts take care of that.
1 T. Earth Balance
Part of it is that I am torn between books that look like a lot of fun to write, that might be relatively easy, all things considered, and books that look like they'd be serious and worthy books. There are also books that are built around formal ideas I'd like to explore, where I'm not really all that concerned with theme or other literary values except of course marvelous prose. There must be marvelous prose whatever I do. Or, rather, a gesture in the direction of an attempt to write marvelous prose.
"Is it raining outside?" she enquired
Spoon batter into pans (batter will divide into about 1 1/4c for each of four pans), and bake two at a time until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 12-15 minutes.
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
& right as I thought that, the book fell shut
Let's examine each, shall we?
I first saw pickled eggs many years ago in a fish & chip shop called Chophards. A huge glass jar squatted on the counter, the kind of jar that might contain unspeakable specimens in a nightmare laboratory. It was a permanent fixture, as though the contents needed to mature for a century. Those eggs swayed in a light yellow fluid and were things of terrible mystery and horror.
I'm that Mom who carries an amazing amount of kids' stuff in my shoulder bag or my pocket. PSP, cell phones, watches, half-eaten bags of chips or popcorn, coins, bottle caps, rocks and other special treasures.
“Some of the memes are very clever, but others are stupid,” junior Rebah Seidler said. “People are so eager to jump on the bandwagon; they don’t even stop to learn what the intended purpose and pattern of each individual meme are.”
I started my mini crawl at the Old Pear Tree, the Camra pub of the season in Wigan which also has a to let sign on. I moved on to the Royal Oak in that impressive part of Standishgate which features Camberwick Green-type Georgian houses.
Release Date : 26 December 1981
Steam...
Home-schooled and puberty (or lack of) happened.
Better to be stuffed up a sleeve like a fleece cap
The long road to…Grand Teton National Park and then Yellowstone National Park and then Waterton National Park and then Jasper National Park…and then civilization again in Vancouver. And then back to Toronto via ???
Summer is quickly approaching and the one thing I love about summer is flaunting my stuff and not having to hide my outfit under a coat or dealing with the winter weather discouraging me from dressing up. What do you do when the weather is grey, you throw on a hoodie and tights! Well thats what I do at least. That is why I look forward to the summer!
All of this reminiscing (which don't forget, was all instigated by ordering Olympic wrestling tickets!), reminded me that up in the loft I still have the memorabilia I collected in the 1970's. A quick pop up there and I immediately found all the posters I'd saved from the shows. They were huge! and I always tried to nab one off the wall as I exited the venue. Not found my programmes from the shows yet, but it's only a matter of time!
Not much else today...walked around the city, ate at a local restaurant....oh, and no Starbucks or McDonald's which is as odd in China as it would be in Franklin. We were told there were two coffee shops in town. One owned by a Chinese person...word is it's terrible. One owned by an American...word is it's pretty good. I'll scout it out in the morning.
"Living on the edge" usually doesn't include being able to cash in stocks and bonds because poor people can't afford to speculate in the stock market. Instead, poor people raid their kids' piggie banks, dig into the couch cushions and count pennies, sell their cars so they can get on welfare, thereby crippling their ability to get to a job interview and to a job so they can get off welfare.
You can leave now, my work here is done.
-We can provide a great emotional environment for a child
I crossed the lot and arrived at my perceived obstacle ready to face it head on only to find a path right beside it. This path was quite literally a dry clearing under the umbrella of a big tree. Crisis averted! I was a little bit smug with satisfaction and quick to celebrate my triumph over doubt. That is when the message from the universe came to me loud and clear.
Tandem Repeats
Last Friday we discovered a new venue. Spenserslive. It reminds me of those Blues/Jazz bars you see in movies sometimes. There is a stage and then a whole bunch of tables with intimate lighting so you can sit at your table, have a beverage and rock out like an old cat to the music.
Croix etc. Fairy tales, florals, cats, dogs, and more are offered in several themed apps for just 99 cents each. Lots of nice motifs and samplers and an easy-to-use magnifying window make it simple to keep track of what you’re doing. You cannot alter any of the patterns. A nice feature of the Anuman apps is the instructions. They’re well-written and thorough; ideal for the beginning stitcher, and a nice reminder of stuff more experienced stitchers probably forgot along the way.
3. Cut circle for the middle and sew.
A large scalloped square was die-cut from Whisper White cardstock to create a base for my focal images. The stamps I used are from The Crafts Meow Telegram. I die-cut a heart from burlap and applied to the center of my scalloped square embellishing with some beautiful flowers and die-cut leaves from the coordinating lavender checked, gingham paper. Some shreds of curly paper were added below the leaves which I was inspired by the photo from Color Combos Galore Inspirational Picture which you will find below. These are paper shreds from past paper trimmings that I knew would could in handy one day! :-)
½ t. salt
The Hollywood Palladium
Caroline - 57
3 transforming
I know the debut album is ready! Please tell me more detail about recording process, cover art, album title, etc.)
Then there was the place I worked where the Chef was filthy,an alcoholic and smelled of death permanently,his Sous Chef was a nice enough lad but sweated profusely, probably due to the increased workload he endured as a result of the Head Chefs permanent dysfunctional hangover.When he was under pressure there were always unfettered beads of sweat running down his forehead following the outline of his nose and slowly plinking, slow motion into the dish he was preparing.It was hypnotising.I never ate anything there in the two years I worked there.
Sent: Wed 8/25/2010 4:39 PM
When I held you in my arms that day
My point of writing this blog post was to thank you for your support. And to tell you that I already miss you. I was never planning on going anywhere for long, but this little break has been good for me, but I'm ready to film and upload again! I miss it already! LOL.
I'm off to do a little more weekend sewing!
Oh you are right singing my song the many Mr. Gibbs. We keep getting up, we keep dancing, we keep fighting for our rights, we take a clue from Mr. cummings and say, “There is some shit I will not eat” I think of an article I read in the annoying and pretentious New Yorker back in the 90s? About some judge who had to preside over the Bosnian war crimes, which were intense. How do you stay sane he was asked. “There is a Vermeer exhibit not far away, I lunch there, I fill myself up with beauty to restore myself” which okay don’t quote me on. It hit home though. It is so much harder to make beauty than profane violence, but it does happen.
I’ve written about all sorts in the past couple of months… Some of my personal favourite posts are:
Australia Day is a comedy, it is billed as a comedy and by the title alone we can gather that it might be some sort of commentary on the concept of Australia Day or what it means to be Australian. It opens with a short film designed to set the scene in a smallish country town. We meet the local committee for organising Australia Day - The Chair and also the Mayor of the town, a well meaning Liberal voting late 50's male, then his right hand man, Liberal 50's, then a local farmer, National voter 50's and a CWA member - female, National voter 50''s. Into this throw a mid 20's Vietnamese man and a early 40's Green party member woman "from the city" and perhaps you have a rough idea already as to the timbre of joke. Julian urged me time and time again to look past what seems obvious, and most easily laudable, and instead try and look at what the playwright was actually working with. The idea of Australia Day - clearly, politics - certainly, a sort of country vs city energy (and extending from that the haves and the have-nots) and among that tackling morality and the notion of morality. I'm not saying that any if it was handled deftly, just that it was handled.
I recently met with his teacher to discuss his progress in the classroom. He's behind the other kids in reading and math because they hadn't done that stuff yet in his Paris school. His teacher says Lucien is learning quickly, but will catch up even faster if he "stops trying to entertain the class like a pint-sized Robin Williams all the time."
We might say, then, that a geological formation, like some nuclear version of Spanish architect Vicente Guallart's notion of geologics, has partially inspired an architectural form.
This mushroom and cilantro omelet took me only 7 minutes to prep and make.
Last Thursday, March 15th, I celebrated my birthday!! I did my best to take a lot of pictures of this significant event in my life. After all, this was my last birthday before I become a Mommy. I have already told you about my Birthday Haircut, which was very exciting. However, I want to share the rest of my birthday pictures with you. I hope you enjoy them!
Thank you my friends I am still a materialistic being,
It was another beautiful day. We really lucked out with the weather – 2 perfect days in between days of rain and snow.
This summer is about to get a lot more interesting...
Olive Green
Using paper sculptures, the author & illustrator take you on a cross-country journey through streams, rivers, and oceans, on a wildlife-watching adventure.
I took the whole batch to the party and came home with the empty platter. A young man had 3 of them instantly. My husband was sad because there was no leftover.
-If only _________, then I would be happy.
Authorities are generally reluctant to free prisoners without knowing who we are. For this tactic to be effective, protestors should not carry identification to the action. For this reason, it needs to be coordinated ahead of time. This tactic also greatly interferes with the smooth running of the jail system, and is a tactic generally hated by the authorities. It can be a powerful bargaining point in solidarity negotiations.
And a pair of rather nice multi-part Dwarfs, unusual in that they have knees and have bucked the trend of dressing like short arsed Vikings embracing instead the utility and comfort of more up to date equipment, albeit modestly in the crossbowman's case. Other manufacturers take note.
So this begs the question: Why does this happen? Why? WHY?
Autumn Years Rest Home: Mother’s Day Eve
Quick note about the scores above: The dashes mean that I didn’t take data on that objective (many possibilities—they didn’t have time to finish the quiz, they misinterpreted the question and the question they answered didn’t give me good insight about their abilities, they made a mistake that I deemed to be related to a harder skill (like, say, a mistake in drawing a diagram that was due to their misunderstanding about circular motion, not about the directions of forces), I mistakenly put that objective on the back without any questions relating to it, etc.). For more about 0′s, 1′s, and 2′s, read the more detailed information about my whole grading schema.
Sentiment Personal Impressions
Not only did he think it was, indeed, orange, he said it was “awful.” This is quite a criticism from a man who didn’t bat an eye when I bought a truly orange couch, painted the dining room asparagus green, and furnished our guest room in teal, fuschia, and purple. He then compared our house to WILLY WONKA'S CHOCOLATE FACTORY. At this point, though, I had invested so much time and energy into the paint that I had to defend it. I rationalized that it would look better when the white trim was freshened. While harlequin diamonds were definitely out at this point (the second color turned out to be a shade I’ve renamed “squash shit”), I thought I could mediate the effect of ALL THAT ORANGE, by painting an Indian-african-inspired border along the top edge of the wall. Finally, I figured that once the wall decorations were rehung, the orange walls would fade into the background.
Day 50
The hurt was too much to bear and I wondered how much more time before he snaps. He suffered in silence, his pain hidden from the world. Taking on all the untrue accusations, abuses and beatings, trying hard to diffuse any potentially violent situations. Blatant discrimination, disbelief, gender bias and the fear of social stigma keeps many male victims of DV suffering in silence even if the abuse is life threatening. Treated by the society as a joke these men who are mostly caring, loving sensitive people face isolation and terrible psychological problems.
And something lacy and feminine is high on my list. This Joie top looks amazing with white jean shorts, But I can pretty much guarantee I will not be sporting these this Summer. White Jeans will have to do :)
3 Tbsp. dark brown sugar
Today is fiction: I’m anticipating editing Babel.
Conclusion- Lockout achieves what it sets out to do and little else, but if you’re looking for an undemanding action movie with a neat idea behind it, this will do quite nicely. It’s not one of Luc Besson’s better movies, but it’s not a bad movie either. It’s mainly meant to function as sort of a love letter to cheesily enjoyable action movies, or at least, I’d like to think so. There’s nothing really done with the sci-fi hook other than placing a supermax prison in space for want of providing that extra bit of challenge for our protaganists, but what Lockout aims to be first and foremost is a cheeky action movie. Of course, the filmmakers were forced to stretch the runtime with dangling plot threads and forced contrivances that go nowhere, including when characters blatantly make stupid decisions for want of artificially lengthening the movie. Seriously, the conflict could have been resolved, and the movie concluded in several early spots, but the script keeps finding increasingly outlandish reasons to keep the two on MS:1 together, and while it may be part of the in-joke, it does sometimes feel a bit forced. On the bright side though, that means that you can spend more time enjoying Guy Pearce making wisecracks and Maggie Grace coming into her own as a valid supporting character in an action movie. I hope that she gets a bit of a chance to keep up this increased resourcefulness in Taken 2 this October, not merely being relegated to a plot device, but I guess I’ll have to wait and see. For now though, Lockout is a passable Besson effort that appeals to the man’s strengths as a writer and filmmaker, and that’s about all that you can ask from it. The limited budget and small scale may not fully capitalize on the idea with enough innovation if you’re the demanding type, but if you want to look at the glass half-full, Lockout doesn’t really botch anything either. It just sometimes feels hamstrung by its limited resources and forced filmmaking mandates. This is a movie that you really need to take for what it is, not what you think it should be. For what it is, it’s a fun, albeit fleeting good time for undemanding action fans who just want something to entertain them. If you want your movies to be a little more ambitious, then there’s no need to worry, because the Summer calendar is right around the corner. I guess Lockout’s appeal is a tad on the limited side, but that certainly doesn’t make it a sub-par product in the right light. If you have a soft spot for cheesy action films that are just there to show you a good time, proudly disposable and proudly sticking to the playbook, Lockout is worth checking out. If nothing else, it’s further proof that a miniscule budget doesn’t have to make your sci-fi movie unwatchable.
I spend a lot of my time over-analysing things. I've always been the same. I think far too much about what might be or what if etc. I worry about being a good parent far too much. Sometimes it's nice to just dream about things though with no hidden anxiety and that's exactly what I've been doing about stepping back into the adoption process. Dreaming of what might become. Dreaming of changing nappies again; dreaming of a little girl sleeping in her bedroom in her cot; dreaming of a new buggy (one that I actually want this time rather than the hasty purchase we had to make last time); dreaming of those moments of first meeting and of forming a bond; dreaming of those words "you've been matched"; dreaming of creating her bedroom; dreaming of her calling us Mummy and Daddy; dreaming of her saying "I love you" for the first time; dreaming of all the possibilities. All the positives; all the wonderful stuff that being a parent is all about.
1/3 cup white-wine vinegar
*sunsets
After looking over healthy suggestions for food I kept seeing lentils, so I thought I'd give them a try this week.
Can losing weight get any simpler? I don’t think so. This example-day is the perfect sensible way of eating. You basically eat almost all of the time, you can (and should) take as much time as you want to ‘finish’ one of the food intakes, and if you want to you can stretch an intake over two hours or so and get straight into the next food intake time – easy!
I read this book when it was still in blog form. It is so funny! A Wars of the Roses spoof, told from the eyes of our heroine, Dakota FitzPercy. Who REALLY had the affair with Margaret of Anjou? Find out here….
And another. The
421940 Jewelry, watch, precious stone, & precious metals
At first, it was because I was working on so many DIY projects, but then it became something more and immensely liberating. I haven’t officially deleted anything yet, though, because I know from a marketing.networking standpoint I need to maintain as many connections as I can; but for the time being I’m happy to be socially ‘free’.
But, I think it's a good thing. I've been inspired to get crafty, cook more, and there's always the random pictures of cute puppies. How can you lose?
*Daddy says to Tre, "Tre we will get some man time :)"
Philip Cowell is responsible for administering the programme, raising funds, finding projects to work with and then liaising with tutors.
03 – Europe
Emily soon became one of the most regular attendees at meetings, reading from her work in progress, a novel titled Our Street. Most authors will agree that they have much in common with their main characters. It seems to me that this was certainly true for Emily. Her narrator, Isla, was a special eleven year old girl who was aware of the social sickness that afflicted the other people living in her street; only she noticed the battered child, the neglected pensioner ... The refusal of other adults to see what she saw frustrated Isla and she decided that, if no one else was taking any notice of what went on in their street, she would make it her responsibility. She would watch and record all the 'wrong' things she saw and confront the adults with her findings, forcing them to act. Isla's determination, her sensitivity, her sense of social justice, her desire to change the world for the better ... these were all qualities that were clearly innate in Emily's own character.
(photos by Anna - thanks love!)
All I know is that it’s been one of those days. You know, the ones where you drop every third bundle of papers during delivery, where it’s 100% humidity out and your hair looks like you’ve rubbed a balloon all over it, and you’re so bloated that you feel like wearing oversized t-shirts and lying around all day. Yeah, one of those days. I’m not being a negative Nancy here or anything (that’s never the answer to anything!) but I’m just putting it out there and accepting it.
With all the enthusiasm/uncertainty/outright terror surrounding ebooks and epublishing, there's a huge amount (actually, as far as I'm concerned, way too much) prognosticating about the digital future. For the most part, I avoid posting or tweeting any of this--the bottom line is that no one really knows what's going to happen, and what will be will be, regardless of what we say about it now.
A short time later, St Peter returned to the Blonde (called Dorothy) . 'I'll allow the answer to stand, but you need to get the third and final question absolutely correct to be allowed into Heaven. Now, can you tell me the answer to the name of the swagman in Waltzing Matilda?'
… I need to get working on my script!!
Is it because sellers think their home is worth more than the market will bear? Maybe…especially when a home is first listed and an offer is quickly received that is much below asking price. Often times a Seller will list their home higher than “market value” to allow for wiggle room in negotiations. Any ready, willing & able buyer that has been looking for a while will jump on the chance to write an offer on a new listing especially if it is in good condition and meets their criteria. The reality is that this buyer is educated, is ready to buy and knows what a home’s value is. Unfortunately, this value may not be acceptable to a Seller and if received shortly after a home has been listed, a Seller may say…”it is the first offer, we’ve only been on the market for a short period, we’ll wait for something better to come along”. Nine times out of ten, the first offer is the best so I encourage Sellers to seriously consider any offers received, not to discard them and to negotiate reasonably. Even better yet, have a list price that is appropriate for your market and reflects your home’s value. I guarantee that you will receive an offer closer to your asking price. Buyers are waiting for the next best listing and if they see the value in it, they will offer a price that is reflective of this.
I don't know how much I can increase my TOEIC score in a year, but I'm just gonna try.
Still, it is a great game and it has dealt with some of the unfair spells from heroes 3, like town portal, dimension door and implosion. They are still there but they no longer guarantee victory as soon as you have got them. The wizard heroes are still the best though but there are a few armies that can get by with out a wizard- like Sylvan, the elven city, because they have their druids… Okay so magic still rules but that is okay really, because you play this game for the beauty of the animations. After all it is a very well done update to heroes 3.
Perhaps the dark wolf will let you live.
Make the tart:
“Yes,” Rhoswen answered first. “We Galdors know all the –”
Until the three of us are left completely sated
The square sides are already assembled into the wood frame, so for those pieces I had to get an exact fit and iron it right on. For the rectangular pieces, I ironed it on, the wrapped it around the edges before assembling them into the sides of the box!
“(NaturalNews) Northwestern University scientists have pulled together a review of research into what music — specifically, learning to play music — does to humans. The result shows music training does far more than allow us to entertain ourselves and others by playing an instrument or singing. Instead, it actually changes our brains.
She opened her eyes frozen in place, fixed on Jacks, and refusing to look any further right. “I see her too but don’t you worry she’s alright by me. What’s your name?”
Today you turned nine years old.
OverWatcher
This tale explains why I am now working on my 3rd production. This small village group played such a huge part in my recovery. I have to keep doing it. I still have my problems but this annual challenge, this chance to be someone else; it just helps me so much.
Officers had to be ambulance a few weeks back to take an initial s136 Mental Health patient who had been assessed at the local hospital, who had no beds, so 150 miles return, two officers on overtime, because ambulance ‘wouldn’t touch it’. It’s okay- we’ll do it.
To give it a try, all I did was buy a large bag of mini marshmallows and a medium sized bag of spaghetti noodles. Actually, when I was at the grocery store, I was afraid that I would run out, so I bought two bags of marshmallows. It turned out that one large bag of marshmallows and the smallest available bag of spaghetti noodles would have been plenty for 24 children. I also let the kids eat five mini marshmallows each, in addition to creating their structures, and we still didn’t quite use up all of them! So I decided that we could do the project twice, and we STILL didn't use up all of the noodles!
Today is the 20Th April so I will close entries on the 20Th May'.
-On August 31, 1950, he keyed a 19-3 Dodgers romp over the Braves with 4 home runs and 9 RBI. Each of his longballs came with men on base, and he finished the day 5-for-6 with 5 runs scored.
So, after a lot of postponing this trip finally happened. I wanted to go to explore this area of California for a long time. Some years ago my friends and I were traveling in Trinity Alps and eventually ended up in Eureka. We were driving back on 101 and I saw this gorgeous forest all around the two lane highway. It was beautiful. Much more than any of that I-5 desert. So, as it often happens, I had the seed planted in my heart for this place.
A heart whose love is innocent!
Last Saturday my wife surprised me with a lovely present. After the clan had demolished the bacon and eggs served up for our now traditional Saturday morning brunch, we cleaned the yolk out of the one-year-old's hair and fed the dog his share of the leftover bacon. Then I was handed a little cardboard box from Amazon. I knew what it was from the dimensions right away as me and my siblings had chipped in and bought one for my dad at Crimbo. Plus the product name was stamped on the box. It was a Kindle!
What I did:
Louis, Tutti’s Trumpets
At his request, the couple went to counseling, but lasted only a few sessions. “It became very apparent that she wasn’t budging,” says Mr. Silberman, now 47. “I was checked out for so long that I was exhausted,” Ms. Cook says. Nine months later, the couple divorced. She began seeing someone else. He became depressed, recovered, began dating.
gratitude... the word gets alot of airplay these days, especially after Miss O's "Gratitude Journal" became word of mouth, and a wonderful practice to undertake... a way to remind ourselves to give thanks for all that we are given and provided... all that we can and do take for granted daily, hourly, minute by minute... a way to sort through what really matters, a way rid ourselves of the fluff and flash that life throws unceasingly at us... sometimes though, I think we too readily "off the cuff" so to speak, fire off our gratitude without a second thought as to the delivery... a quick "thanks" because it is polite to do so, without feeling the words leave our lips... how much better to be gracious with our gratitude and allow the moment to be truly and fully felt...
good luck#
By the day before we left Sundrawoti, progress on the TCC looked like this:
In 1965, two years after Jim assumed the leadership, Mayor Wagner chose not to run for reelection and John Lindsay, “fusion” candidate of the Republican and Liberal parties easily defeated Abe Beame of Brooklyn, the regular organization democratic candidate who was previously the City budget director and Comptroller under Wagner (before he turned on DeSapio). Lindsay, a graduate of Yale College and Yale Law School who was a partner in the white shoe law firm of Webster Sheffield, was a highly photogenic Kennedyesque candidate who promised to sweep away the corrupt old arrangements that had governed New York City in favor of new and modern management. He was strongly supported by the middle class including many liberal democrats and was the antithesis of Carmine DeSapio and the old Tammany Hall bosses. Certainly under the Lindsay administration there would be no role in or assistance from the City government for the McManus club that was an old line ally of Carmine DeSapio. Nevertheless, Jim McManus and the McManus Club carried on trying to help constituents, still providing a social function to the Irish and others of Hell’s Kitchen who attended his parties and sought his help, now largely with private contacts.
Then, everyone has a diploma, and its just “Ehhhh, whatever. Degrees are still somewhat important.”
‘Everybody was told “stimulus, stimulus, stimulus”,’ he says — referring to the EU, IMF and the alphabet soup of agencies urging a global, debt-fuelled spending splurge. Borg, an economist, couldn’t work out how this would help. ‘It was surprising that Europe, given what we experienced in the 1970s and 80s with structural unemployment, believed that short-term Keynesianism could solve the problem.’ Non-economists, he says, ‘might have a tendency to fall for those kinds of messages’.
The MIL left right on schedule on Friday morning and because Cleo had a rough night and ended up in bed with me, I was able to sleep through her entire departure. D.G. and I had some less than pleasant discussions about the visit (I admit I hid out in our room or C.S.'s whenever she needed to nurse/nap and for once was completely happy about how frequently she wants to nurse.) but we are both tired of being stressed about a someone who is only in our lives due to obligation so we will ignore the subject for a good long while.
Turning east, we began the climb through a moonscape of dry mountains with our lone road providing the only color contrast. At the top of the ridge, an outpost straight out of Star Wars sported a photo of King Abdullah, rug covered benches, and the head of a gazelle. A turbaned Arab in his jallabiya robe, offered drinks as he lounged on his black leather couch under the thatched porch. Only the TV dish and refrigerator betrayed the scene as current.
*What I miss:I really miss feeling comfortable....and having energy. Ready to run a race again, and get back into weight lifting and training....Boy, do I miss being in shape and the great feeling that comes along with it. And I am sure my family would agree that they are ready for me to lose the crankiness....I tend to be cranky most of the time....I even get on my own nerves sometimes. haha!
Side note: Weekend nights drive me nuts because I rarely feel like cooking, but the other options (eating PBJ's, ordering pizza, grabbing fast food, going out to eat) make me bonkers for other reasons - they're boring or expensive or unhealthy or hard to pull off with a two year old. I'm hoping I can get in the habit of making dinner at least one weekend night since it's also a good time for us to be able to all sit down and enjoy a meal together.
Add food to cool box.
But she is not budging and she's not letting us into her museum. Meanwhile, people are going in and glancing over at us and I am embarrassed. I'm embarrassed because I'm wearing a scarf on my head (a fresh doobie one of my students let me know it's called when you keep your perm wrapped up), and a hoodie peeking out over an almost ten-year-old jacket, and narrow jeans with unflattering New Balance sneakers. And I am not looking the flyest I can and no earrings and no makeup, and I cannot imagine why she will not let us into her museum even though I'm beginning to think it might have something to do with my doo-rag, and so I start to cry because she has just really embarrassed me in front of my children and this wasn't the best day of my life to begin with. And the original attendant sees my chin tremble and she slips me a nickle when the other woman looks away and I take and pay a nickle to get me and my children into the Brooklyn Museum of Art and I'm crying again as I write this.
On the trail marked with pollen may I walk
As the land behind us
And picked up The Story of Art, by E.H. Gombrich at the Brooklyn Museum of Art recently. A classic. Clarity in a field – art history – not exactly known for its clarity. The other non-fiction I’m working on now is Babel No More, an investigation of polyglots, or people who somehow manage to learn multiple languages. Fascinating.
1. Brussels sprouts.
How to spot
The faith that men and women in the Bible show at times of difficulty and uncertainty is sometimes very surprising. Watching how they heroically act makes us forget at times that they were human beings just like us. Maybe that’s why, in their stories, the bible also mentions their flaws so we’re reminded then that they had fears, dreams, families, flaws –lives, just like we do. It is then that we are able to see that these people could only have this kind of faith by beholding a great God.
CAN Price: $40.00
Pink long sleeve top
Rosa’s novel, The Directive, “gives a face and personality to a disorder that is often misunderstood. It exposes the world of Crohn’s disease and its prognosis, treatments, and concerns through humor, science, and the deep insights of its youthful characters.” Rosa was kind enough to take some time to talk about her book, her disease, and her journey through life and words with the semicolon in this exclusive interview with Do I Look Sick.
He was right there when they were cutting the cake, he was in the forefront of the napkin-waving game (eh?). He even managed to get into the bride’s dressing room before the ceremony, grinning away among all the bridesmaids and tulle.
Now, a couple of weeks ago I went to the Quai des Bulles festival (I'm going to write more on that in another post quite soon, I promise) which is in St Malo (the picture at the top here is one I drew at the festival and brought home and colored up - now I got my scanner working again! YAY!). Right up to that point I was working crazy hours getting A Princess of Mars done. And about a week before the trip to France (my only break since April really) I was thinking 'this is great, this is going great. I'm gonna get the book done and have time to relax a little and unwind before I go away. I've got DAYS left! Everything is gonna be just fine.' What could possibly go wrong, right?
Indonesia’s Consumer Price Index (inflation) data for April increased to 4.5 percen, above expectations of 4.46 percent vs 3.97 percent in March.
Now having felt the serenity of being balanced, I can't get enough. When I don't get to go to my classes I feel strange and I don't like it. When you get used to being in homeostasis, and you suddenly find you are there no longer, it's all you crave! I realized how easy it was to get me time and I actually over-did it. I am ashamed to admit it, but I did. I started scheduling myself for all these amazing things I had always wanted to do. I signed up for a photography class, I planned dates with my friends and I considered attending any event that seemed appealing.
Next week I head off to Colorado to meet up with friends and see if I can stretch my creative muscles a bit... let's hope the altitude doesn't clash with the Fibro, but whatever happens, I'm sure it will be well worth it.
Well. Work just took over my life for a little while there. I mean took over!
My mission was to not spend any money in the store at the Retreat and use all the product new and old that I already had in my stash, for that reason I took heaps of stuff with me. I succeeded (mostly) I was only tempted by $0.50 American Craft pens and bought 8 of those for a total shop spend of $4 plus a few cans of coke etc for $6, so only $10 out of pocket. I was happy with that.
These past few days my heart has longed for my wife, my son, my friends, music, God. I haven't felt this in a while. My mind was pale, it forgot how lucky it was to have a beautiful wife, an amazing son, a group of friends, a God who loves me. Then I spent a few days in the sun, I feel as if my mind turned pink. I'm remembering the joy my family brings, the love of those around me, how inspiring music can be, and that God loves me. Call it seasonal depression, laziness, sin, or whatever you would like. I feel joy that the sun is shining on me again.
This is our biggest fundraiser of the year and all proceeds are used to purchase and repair instruments, buy music sheets, uniforms and help cover transportation for the band. It gives our youth the opportunities to perform and compete in many community events that are positive experiences for our band.
You can smell the coffee immediately upon pouring the beer and it is almost overpowering, in fact the smell is more powerful than the taste of the beer, which itself is coffee with a subtle dark bitter chocolate kick to it. I don't drink much coffee if I'm honest, because I dislike instant crap and only drink expresso when in a coffee place. This delivers on the coffee front nicely although as I mentioned it is a strongly scented beer.
Others can brag about themselves, their work, their successes, their writings, but the Holy Spirit will not allow you to do any such thing. If you begin to do so, He will lead you into some deep mortification that will make you despise yourself and all your good works.
So for today I pulled out the Biggest Loser DVD and did 10 min cardio, 10 min lower, and 10 min abs. It was a good workout!
I’m left in (so much) misery
It's the Litt Tak Branded Toys Warehouse Sale again from 8th till 12th June 2011! Mommy is a regular of this toy sale because Litt Tak is the distributor for Tomy brand of toys, more specifically Thomas and Friends toys. All the while, Mommy went to this sale alone, i.e., without Juan Or tagging along. Mommy loves to go for this sale because it is near to Mommy's work place plus the crowd and payment queue is far better than the crazy (and ugly!) and huge crowds seen in Hasbro, Fischer-Price and Mattel warehouse sales.
Al Khawaja was jailed for life last year by the National Safety Court on several charges including plotting to overthrow the administration by force.
But the payoff? Locally grown, totally organic food, including meats. Sure, it'll take a little more time, and yes, it will cost more in terms of time. But for us, this is going to be a small step towards a life that will be happier and healthier for everyone.
I am crossing my fingers that I may be able to whip up some new images this week. My DT gals I am sure are wondering what planet I have flown off to. Things have been a bit yucky for me around here. All I can say is this:
So, Cata began with Blizzard trying to give “missing” tools to other healers — AOE to paladins, single target strength to holy priests, etc — and ended up with some very lopsided results.
I have another card to show you this morning that I worked on this week. This rose stamp is from Flourishes' "A Year in Flowers 2" Set. I bought the entire set of stamps to make calendars for next year. I love to color flowers, and these make beautiful calendars or can be used alone like this on a card or project.
10And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth.
Taking my son Jamie to school. We have four children, Edward (17), Anna (14), Amelia (11) and Jamie (nearly 7).
I was so surprised on our walk today. It is the first week in February, right? Look at what Coach and I saw outside the mall:
The landscape of Williamsburg, Brooklyn has been radically transformed in the last decade. Located at the epicenter of New York City's recent development boom, the neighborhood saw countless industrial buildings and row houses torn down by developers. In their place, dozens of luxury condominium towers were constructed, permanently altering the skyline. By July 2009, however, "The Billyburg Bust" was reported by New York Magazine, which wrote that the area was "littered with half-built shells of a vanished boom." Like any gold rush, the aftermath of the frenzied push to develop Williamsburg has left permanent scars on the land.
floated on the froth of the river.
So. We begin.
Well, it so happened that I was turned back into a human being. On thursday. When I wasn’t excused. Close to nobody showed up, but it was a nice crowd of nobodies. I didn’t have to figth them, and they listened and asked sensible questions. Goodie!
I was asked to review Miriam Barton's Meatless Meals for Meat Eaters cookbook and this was one of the recipes that immediately caught my eye. I love beans and I cook them all the time adding spices to them as they cook for flavor. So when I saw this recipe had onions, lime juice, cilantro and a bunch of other great flavors mixed into the beans, I knew that I would love this recipe.
Blame and Rachel Alexandra are also retired. It’s a shame that race horse careers are so brief. Just when we grow attached, they’re gone.
Doin' Japo Wrong!
Other peoples stuff. Mine now. Who's later?
I fear that some of the advice given in the recent Mothers Union report on the sexualisation of children may prompt parents into fighting a losing battle to prevent unsuitable Internet material being viewed by their offspring.
Mr Mojo is back in da house....
:: Creating a healthy self-image.
Sam Adams Boston Lager - crisp and clean, lots of flavor for a "mainstream" beer.
Further, having been absent for over a season through injury, Wilshere has a duty of care to his employers that demands he think very long and hard about what is good for his long-term career. Is being carried on a wave of jingoism really that important? Does he really care what the readers letters in The Daily Mail say? Or would he be better to declare himself unavailable for the tournament? Personally I believe he must remain at the club for his return to fitness to be properly monitored.
he jerks his chin skyward,
Have you heard this story before? It's been one of my favorite lullaby's since we sang it in choir when I was in high school, yes I was a choir geek. Surprised? President of the club in my senior year, actually. Hehe... yeah...
Our (kind, generous) hosts, professors of media, were surprised to learn we don’t have (aside from CSPAN, I suppose–I tried to explain that!!) an official, state media. Surprised at how deep the newspaper crisis is, as China’s print readership (like India’s) is still growing, with new readers rising in waves of rising income, education & literacy.
322 (2)
Since when does an eight-ounce jar of Hellmann’s cost more than $2.00? I just saw a jar for $2.39 at my local grocery store. It’s not exactly a specialty retailer either, much as neighbors of Scottish descent would tell you otherwise. Two dollars and 39 cents. The number made me think longer about a simple mayo purchase than I ever, ever have. Why didn’t I simply pick up a different, cheaper brand? Noooo, nooo, nooo, nooo, noooo; not with mayo. I had to survey what’s on the market for an article once, and what I encountered engendered a loyalty to Hellmann’s bordering on stranglehold. (And don’t get me started on Miracle Whip, which I’m convinced owes its market share to childhood memories.) So I stared and stared and stared at the pricey little jar. If mayo’s is going to cost this much, I may as well make it myself. I sensed an experiment coming on.
I think it’s fair to say, being a mother is a difficult task. Some of us do it well, some, not so well, but we never set out to be bad moms. We all try to do the best we can within the parameters of our circumstances. In other words, there’s no “owner’s manual.” I believe that our background and circumstances may have influenced who we are, but we are responsible for who we have become. That holds truth for our kids, as well.
So let's figure that your random Thanksgiving flight on Wednesday will be 1) crammed full; and, if you are on a 757, home to 2 psychopaths and 4 sociopaths.
George Stulak, Stephen Fry, Angela Dixon, Felicia Mayle, Terrance S. Ellington, Melissa Hernandez, Levi Muller, Swampy, Julie and Mark Phillips, Lynn, Doug, Nick Rizzo, Techno Prep, Susan Lee Smith, Bonnie Green, Mary Jane Carpenter-Lottery Ticket, Alice Linn-ComixGuru, Amy-Aohora, Tony Tamayo, Mike Fish, Carlos Damien, Papa Tim, Mindy Wadlington Wiggins, Monica Southworth, Mister Payne, Kelly Delatorre Mackoy, Megan Minieri, Jonine Woods, Amanda Hogan, David Rambo, Sean Douglass, Dustin Watchman, Chris Candella, Notlost, Black Swan
Chipotle is a great company, so where will the drop end? I see a floor around $360-$370. After that it will be interesting to see where growth will come from. People travel specifically to Chipotle, and anyone who has been to one during lunch on a weekday will know they are not hurting for customers. The market is far from saturated with only 1,257 stores, but the market does seem to be satisfied. Stores now enjoy about $2M a year each in revenue, and new stores will undoubtedly eat into this. I do not see major growth coming any time soon from ShopHouse, their Washington, DC only store serving Southeast Asian food. Thai and Vietnamese cuisine is still fairly exotic to the American dining public and it is going to take time to scale the concept.
Offense: Even
'When the news is so apocalyptic, and there is so much to understand,' Williams says, '...it feels more than frivolous to read about made-up people. It feels unpatriotic. Or, to put it another way, it is like watching the telly when you have homework.'
drop baby off at mimi's, after lot's of kisses
I'll try to stay very connected as I'm out and about on the tour, especially with Twitter since it's easiest. CLICK HERE to follow me there. I always seem to get very interesting drivers, so you don't want to miss out on that commentary....
Tomorrow I go for broke.
In the morning glad I see
Beats a Horror Horn, I guess.
"I'm fine." I say blushing "Just clumsy."
Holmes was a brand manager in Topps's marketing department, and had been with the company since 1994. One former employee says Topps was "not the most diverse work environment," and as such, Holmes was the go-to when the art department needed a black guy. In 2008, he posed as "Wheelbarrow Walker," a fictional baseball player (what is with Topps and cards featuring nonexistent people?) and was happy to do it. He was told of the idea behind Wheelbarrow Walker, posed for the photoshoot, was shown the proofs before the card was printed, and signed off on them.
“Why don’t we just refinish it?” Bruce asked.
The time leading up to and a little while after the main energy session can be a little bit like a roller coaster ride. You can feel very energized one day and then tired the next day as you release more toxins. Just realize that every time you don't feel good that it is a powerful time for healing and that you are raising the vibration of your energy system.
I can hear someone crying, yet there is peace among the stars.
Gingrich is also loathed by many of his fellow republicans. Glenn Beck came out against him, Michael Savage offered him a million dollars to not run, and Ann Coulter came out against him. As my friend Chris said, how can you trust someone whose own party won’t support him? Maybe the far right knows something about Gingrich that we don’t.
7. writing
(Of course, some Muslims object to the depiction of Mohammed at all, even by non-Muslims, but that is an entirely bogus argument. Muslims may make a point of principle and theology of not depicting their prophet, but such a principle cannot apply, or even have any meaning, to those who do not adhere to the religion.)
Row 9-10- rep row 8 Finish off.
A one-day advance tasting package cost $15 and includes admission for one day, a tasting mug, 7 tasting tickets, and express entry. A two-day advance tasting package costs $25 and includes admission for both days, a tasting mug, 14 tasting tickets, and express entry. Tickets at the door cost the same, but include only 5 tasting tickets for one day, 10 tasting tickets for both days, and no express entry. A full mug of beer costs 4 tickets, a taster costs 1 ticket. Additional tasting tickets may be purchased at $1 apiece. Minors are welcome on Saturday only until 3PM.
What am I doing here?!
Thank you to my friend Tim Jung for inspiring me to write this story. In the wake of the brutal murder of yet another gay teen in Iowa less than a week ago, here is a story of hope and progress. Elmhurst College in Illinois has included questions regarding sexual orientation and gender identity to their admissions application.
the musical muscles of oblivion
The Allure Of Beach Metal Detecting
As I said in yesterday's post, this kitchen was not designed for large appliances; the footprint is small and most of it is occupied by appliances that are not the right scale for the space. At 33 inches wide and 34 inches deep, this fridge occupies a lot of precious kitchen real estate, and the interior space is so much more than I need. I shop daily, so my refrigerator is never full; space for perishables--cheese, butter, milk, eggs--is what I need.
That’s it for today! If you live in NC, GOTR Triangle has a 5K this weekend that you should check out. More than 3,000 runners show up and 500 girls in the GOTR organization will run it together. It’s a short race, but it’s for a great cause. I’ll recap the race and braid next week!
Beer 3 was just a quick sample, the Intensified Coffee Stout. Had this beer been lower in alcohol (8.5%) I probably would have had a few, but since we had a LONG day of bachelor party drinking to do, I only gave it a taste. WOW!!!! I could smell the coffee aroma before I even stuck my nose in it! The first sip was amazing. Big coffee flavor, with a great rich malty backbone. The maltiness and coffee flavor really mask the alcohol in this, which is part of the reason I shied away from it.
The appearance and reappearance of various tragic characters. So much plastic surgery.
Keeping up with New Year’s resolutions is supposed to be bonkers but I’m trying my damn best. The first quarter of the year has come and gone (did you notice?) and I figured it might be a good time to assess this year’s 365 1/2 days project or the 10 things I’ve never done before list.
My card today uses a stamp from Stampavie, it’s called Tickles. I cut out the middle portion of the front of my card and inserted a piece of acetate instead so that the sentiment can be seen from the outside of my card.
In the meantime, the sun was passing above the hilltops, and so they decided they had wasted enough of the morning already and that it was high time to leave the old ‘Gray Serpent’ cave and head out. The going was rough, slow and dangerous, as they made their way over the Jagged Hills through the deep snowdrifts. There were occasional drop offs into dark ravines, and yawning crevasses but no one slipped and so eventually they came to the other side of the hills where the road was.
Context on the show: Lisa is distraught that her role in the upcoming school production will be “curtain puller”. When she objects her teacher responds with the above.
I replaced it with this one from Lowe's. $36 for the fixture and $6 for each seed glass shade. I broke one on the way home so I had to go back and buy another one. So my $54 fixture ended up costing $60. Had I realized 100 years ago when I first hated that light how easy it was to replace, I would have done it years ago. Replacing a light is so simple. A couple of screws, twist a couple of wire nuts and voila - a new beautiful light fixture.
Gratitude in our personal lives is not so very different. Those who are kind and generous to us deserve to know how we feel. To those who are resistant to writing thank-you notes, I would ask, is the time that the person spent thinking about your special occasion, searching for your gift and purchasing it not worth the five minutes or less that it would take to tell them that you appreciate their efforts? Writing thank-you notes is a societal convention that can be made personally fulfilling if entered into in the proper spirit; thanking others makes us feel good too. A thankful spirit can be cultivated in our children as well. It would be very pleasant to know that we are raising a generation of future grateful adults.
If the disciple's answers are affirmative, instruction will continue. If not, the guru may say, "Go home and get your personal life straightened out and when you have done this, come back, and we will then continue our studies."
replace the mask and re-apply ink over the sections again where you want the ink darker ..
"Can you believe this guy" she says to her mother, and the three of them are now standing in a row, hands on hips, wondering who is the idiot with bad hearing.
Opening Remarks By The Pastor
Rudi Ghequire and his staff at the Rodenbach brewery
This gives you some idea of what the bigger "stands" at the fair look like. Penguin, Random House, Macmillan, HarperCollins, Scholastic, Walker, Hachette all have big display areas with huge posters and a sort of counter with a receptionist or two. But most publishers have a much more modest set-up with a few tables and chairs where Rights people are meeting foreign publishers every half hour in a schedule with back-to-back appointments.
Salvatore Baccaro as Neanderthal Man
One of my goals this year is to be better organized about documenting the garden. As a beginning gardener, just keeping track of what comes up when, what tasks I do when, and what plants I stick where is tough for me. I tried using a pretty, hardbound garden journal last year, but found it a bit bulky and generic. So this year I decided to just design my own pages and store them in a 3-ring binder. The first section of the binder is a monthly journal, where I can jot down a short entry each week about the weather, what's going on in the garden, and what I do.
En-chant-ment strange as the blue up above.
All this coupled with the fact that the Scottish government has plans to introduce an extra business rate levy on supermarkets that sell alcohol, in April 2012, can only spell one thing at the end of the day....
1.The colour of the atom you click on does not matter.
The only boiled water (which I love the most of all) for my thirst.
Earlier this week I went to a special meeting at Bethel. We, as a church, are entering new territory with “Mission Them” which is to multiply disciples through multiple sites and multiple partnerships. It was a very informative meeting, and I really like the leadership’s approach to this new era in the church. Through it all, I still had that new kid “I don’t really belong with this group” feeling. Not because of others, because of me. I’m at somewhat of a crossroads as far as my heart is concerned. It’s time to be “all in”, or continue to keep myself on the periphery of things. On the outside it looks like I’m involved, serving, taking Dave Ramsey’s Financial Peace University, involved in a small group. But at the heart of things, I’m afraid to go all in. If I go all in with my heart, there’s a chance I could be hurt again. In two years, a lot of hurts have healed, but the risk of going all in at Bethel means those scars could be reopened.
(sorry my nutrition software is out of commission at the moment, had to do this one by hand – hope for it to be back up running soon).
my mistakes are dead
When the garden flowers baby are dead yes
The CBI doesn’t provide an analysis of deposits at the covered banks – about the only analysis it doesn’t provide – but in terms of all banks operating in Ireland including foreign and IFSC banks, Irish household deposits fell by €0.4bn in February, the second month in a row to see declines. Household deposits at all banks are now back at August 2011 levels. Total deposits from all sources in all Irish banks fell €14bn in February, mostly as a result of a decline in €12bn in deposits by euro area (non-Irish) depositors.
defending against litigation independent of whether they are considered to be
Sixteen year old Hope's life went off the rails last year, when a stupid freakin' earthquake took away her awesome mom. Not even a butt-load of pills could numb that pain.
So… yoga… where I try to do things I don’t think I can do all the time, in spite of that voice that says “YOU CAN’T DO THAT!” (Sometimes I don’t try… but more often I do!) And where I accept gentle correction on my postures. And where I quiet my mind more effectively than I do in any other practice. This is, I think, a good practice on my journey to new life.
inthebow: When you use whole eggs the whites cause it to thicken slower. Canned coconut milk is not recommended for the best results, unless you have no other choice.
My spirit drank repose;
2. Consider also that you are not living up to the design of marriage, if you are not helping each other’s souls.(27)
We only found the one, and due to heavy hail we gave up, soaking wet and headed for the town, fresh hot chips, tasty tub of curry, hot cocoa for me, squash for the girls and then it was home, via the pet shop and towards Morrison’s to meet daddy.
It's amazing! The kit comes with EVERYTHING you need but scissors. All the pieces have the patterns on them, and you just cut following the lines. I could have let Emmy do this part, too, but I was a little control freakish about that.... Anyhow, once the pieces were cut, I showed Emmy the order for glue for the boys, girls, and toadstools, and let her go to town. Then she was able to glue on embellishments that were in the kit, such as buttons, flowers and butterflies, sequins, glitter, ric rac and more. Emmy had so much fun doing this! Here she is working on it... oh, and the wax paper to work on was even included in the kit!
And of course you can’t become if you only say what you would have done
Among all the four year old girls that is.
As I wandered and observed the crowd, I realized that although this was not my first rodeo, others either had very little experience at festivals or were a little dense and hadn’t quite got it all figured out.
Monday, April 9
I laid there & when my brain came back online, I remembered the day before & I hit the alarm clock funny. With the buttons touching each other, I must have turned the alarm clock off.
Please upload your cards to your blog, a gallery, or photobucket and remember to give us the EXACT links to see them. You can do 5 of the same cards or 5 different ones (as long as they follow the current challenge) If you do 5 of the same, please show us a picture of them altogether. If the linky isn't working for you for any reason, just post your link in the comments! Thanks!
Not wanting to pull out the silly things from my backpack, I got the money from Branden, went to my usual butchers for pork chops, sausages, and ground beef, and headed home. When Branden came home from work, I showed him the molds. He giggled a bit and pointed out that the 'sticks' that you hold were actually 'ears'...bunny ears to be exact.
Second, he was tired of looking at it on the bathroom counter for 3 days and wanted to see how long it would take for us to notice. lol.
Colin: That’s pretty cool.
"PATTISONS.
Transferring to Domestic Flights
Tim Holtz- filmstrip ribbon, doily lace,
27 Heroes and Villains
Fast forward a few days and here is what we have:
Like this, for example:
The rod’s thirst is finally quenched
But beyond even aesthetics and history there are other reasons for conserving the printed book, one of which is that the printed book preserves a kind of thinking which is today becoming scarce. And the thinking of which I speak is a contemplative and patient submission to the content of a book. In a 2008 Atlantic Monthly article entitled, “Is Google Making Us Stupid?” author Nicholas Carr supposes that the immediacy and terse nature of internet information has foreshortened our ability for sustained thought. In other words, because of “Google” (as a metonym for the internet experience as a whole) we are thinking differently, less patiently, and more tersely. And reading his article I agreed wholeheartedly that my ability to invest myself in sustained literature is cramped by the impatience that the internet has taught me. In other words, as our ability and skill at consuming mass media increases, our aptitude for contemplation has rapidly diminished. To put this yet another way, digital media makes lazy reading possible, and real reading can never be lazy.
"(d) the detention of a minor by lawful order for the purpose of educational supervision..."
I had Tiff take a pic of my leg. I really hesitate posting it as it is really ugly (leg and bruise) but I thought maybe someone will have some insight and wisdom to share if they saw it.
My grandmother lived to be ninety-four. She lived just long enough to meet my daughter, Emily, and to advise us to feed her on bread-and-milk. I don't think we took her advice.
Today in Ireland took place a massive national demonstration in the national sporting arena with up to 3000 people cramming in to hear speech’s and bands all encouraging ordinary Irish folk to refuse to pay the household charge. What a reaction this got I have been following developments all day and speech’s from our own TD Joe Higgins in Ireland getting a fantastic reception too. This can be the spark that lights this campaign and allows it to really take off I feel.
Props; English props are both good, but its got to be Jenkins and Adam Jones (Wales and Wales)
A life I gave, all to him, a heart to call his own, I did it all for him
Hong Kong Garden, Siouxie and The Banshees
I imagined the Afghan soldiers standing by, helpless, while Destroyer destroyed. I thought of attacks over the past several years in which Afghan policemen or soldiers had suddenly turned on their NATO allies and opened fire. Such betrayals have been increasing. Sometimes the Taliban claim responsibility for them, but often it seems the assailants have been taking revenge on foreign soldiers for some perceived insult to their honor. It was not hard to envision the seeds of such an attack sown in the ruts of Destroyer’s visit.
The photos of what I wore today are really shit, I do apologise. I meant to take them outside earlier in the day, but forgot, then had stuff to do, and didn't take them till the light had faded and they are all blurry. Such a professional, that's me.
This ‘scyaunce’ of heraldry had it’s own language and code called Blazon, a unique language which governed strictly how the symbols should be placed and displayed on the shield. However it was and still is the art that is the point of contact for most people. Without the pictorial display the ancient, obscure and academic language of heraldry would be lost on most people and that is why the art of heraldry is more important than some heraldic academics would care to admit.
With eyes so wide
Mr. McGuire: Plastics.
I don't have a brother, but I would like to stretch the meaning to be able to extend this lovely tradition to my family and friends. I hope the bracelet's appeal and symbolic meaning captivates you as it has me.
On 11 September 2003, the article appeared in the Femail section of the Daily Mail. I’ll reproduce it here – what was printed, along with what actually happened.
Ebden did not own the story. While the video was unique to Ebden, the story itself was shared by a number of other people.
For abuse does not discriminate
And now…it looks like VOM will go back to doing whatever it was doing before Tom “allegedly” killed himself. I know I’m being sarcastic, but I can scarcely contain my disgust at this moment.
1/2 c lightly packed fresh basil, roughly chopped
‘The Wisconsin primary is April 3′.
I have more photos and things to share about his special day, but for now I just want to share some photos. After we all rest up and recover from our adventures in illness I will share the rest of the day.
$9 million seems a bit much, considering the extent of the previous job.
Regal success.
Escape Plan Triangle Avatar – 4/3
94. Shades - Marguerite Poland
With the ever frothing-at-the mouth Judea Pearl and another equally towering intellectual, Steve Kroft. Check the pdf.
The young girl’s father had been assigned to accompany the family there. John’s Royal Guard duties, likewise, also called him there. It was not coincidence that they would spend summer months together.
In addition to the word list above, he’s added:
Though still thirty feet away, my heart sank as I pushed the mower toward the birdbath. At ten feet away I already had tears in my eyes. There in the grass, just a couple of feet from the birdbath, the waiting/trusting female northern cardinal lay dead in the grass. I don’t know how she died, only that she did.
The menu included homemade waffles ( I am married to the world's best waffle maker) with some homemade maple syrup of course, thick cut maple bacon, sausages and fruit salad. It was a great way to start the weekend.
The fame of that glorious ruler of the world, the philosopher-king, the foremost of the Kuru family, spreads through the opulent capitol city.
Paper: Whisper White, More Mustard, Pumpkin Pie, DSP (retired)
So, to start, I went down to our local dollar store and picked up 3 plastic piggy banks per child: one blue, one yellow and one pink. I came home and wrote give, my child’s name, a big 10%, and drew some pictures to convey the concept with a permanent marker on a the yellow bank for each child. I did the same for the save and spend banks (for save I wrote 30%, and for spend I wrote 60%). Each child then had their own give, save, and spend piggy banks.
~Praising God in every single situation. No matter how I feel!
But as on Day 70 of my challenge, I attended my first true Brazilian birthday party of the year, at an infantil buffet no less, I decided to approach it different. I decided to approach it like a Brazilian.
Quando Quando Quando
If you have been blessed by the writings of Oswald Chambers as I have over the years, you would agree that the Christian world owes a tremendous debt of gratitude to a humble, gracious, and generally unknown woman whose efforts have blessed so many.
It's just a very good day. i'm choosing happiness today!
All of this is temporal, having to do with the things of this life. But what is the hope of the believer? It is certainly not this world or the things of this world. How many Christians heed the admonition of Colossians 3:1-2? “If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God. Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.”
When we were visiting the Kahala, they were actually setting up for a sunset wedding at their Diamond Head Gazebo (photos above). As much as I love floral decor, of course I have to take a few shots of the details. Hopefully they will inspire those brides who are having a pink and green color palette. Aren't those little hanging vases cute? Another idea is to just hang the orchid heads. There are so many creative things you can do... the possibilities are endless!
For our first full day in the country we all visited the nearby Forest Park – Bijilo. The park is a protected area of around 126 acres with a huge number of Bird species, along with 2 monkey species, reptiles and a wealth of invertebrates.
In the evening I had a wonderful Amherst dinner reunion with A, M, K, G, and M. And I finally got to meet E! Pretty impressive - four of the six of senior year room group in the same spot. E spent the entire dinner flirting with the tables around us. She was very well behaved for being so young and at a big-person restaurant. I read a bit and went to bed early. Big race in the morning!
Bake until golden brown or until loaves sound hollow when tapped with a knuckle (40-50 mins)
I see the split in the road.
Ginger- Garlic paste – 1 Tsp
Soda stream (get bizzy with the fizzy)
PROS: more grumpy than anyone who's played Scrooge before, yells at kids quite convincingly, hoards coal like no other
An estimated 35,000 collectors, curators, architects, interior designers, art advisors and new enthusiasts attend the Chicago exposition annually.
I've got to hand it to Linda. When she suggested that we all pick a project that we've been procrastinating and commit to finishing it by the end of April, I thought, "piece of cake". But the honest truth is that if I hadn't participated in her Spring Into Action challenge, my fabric swatch would still be taped to my guest bath window, and that window would still be naked. Gotta love the power of peer pressure. This is why I am happy to report that my DIY relaxed roman shade is done!
JS - Does it actually say they have to meet four times per season?
Keith sensed he had to tread carefully now. “So you—she— she’s dead?”
-Once cooled, add in 1/2 a standard cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced.
1.Butterflies should be no larger than 8 inches by 10 inches
I love biting into cherry tomatoes so that they pop open in my mouth.
Then there was the breathing practice. She explained that that we'd see the chest rock or move in a particular way, and the three of us (David, myself, and the tech) stared at the screen. I realized that I was clenching my fists as I was WILLING the Deuce to breathe with everything I had.
there are pages and pages of pretty things to see.
Althea stood in the center of the circle. The family surrounded her, those strange denizens of the carnival she trusted in blind faith. The palpitating tin sound of the calliope electrified her skin and pushed through her pores to infest her flesh and bones. The notes snaked their way into her mind, twining around her will until the pulsing rhythm controlled her rational thought.
It is easy to do...
Otherwise, Hamilton is a city ripe for the riding. With very few hills, besides the Escarpment, it should be a biking no-brainer, but Moyle feels the one-way streets are among the biggest barriers for a lot of cyclists. Even confident riders like himself can find it daunting to make a left turn off Main Street, where multiple lanes of traffic make it impossible to signal your way across the road.
Sick. Not dope sick. Life sick. Diseased by pasts and visions and sounds and leather belts and erect cocks and murder. Sick. We were made sick by all these things. Sick. Sickened by cunt. Wet mushy drunken gang-banged cunt. Sick. We were sick. I was Sick. She was sick.
My trip out there earlier today revealed lots of bean germination – both runner and pea-beans (featured in the Guardian last weekend). None had made a bid for freedom today, but my ‘jumping bean’has not germinated, so I suspect a mouse was responsible for the earlier migration and that it might have consumed the embryo… resowing probably required. Nevertheless, the greenhouse has restorative properties for me… I think I need to put a chair out there… and possibly some gin and tonic.
There is only one way in which this phenomenon can be explained. The sacramental act was regarded as the appointed means of expressing the faith, which it concentrated on the specific provision of divine grace; and therefore it was the means whereby the spiritual grace of regeneration was received while it was also a pledge that assured us of its reception. To say this is not to affirm, in accordance with the second of the three views of the relation of regeneration to the sacrament stated above, that the ordinance is a mere symbol of the spiritual experience, or a public confession that it has taken place. This explanation of the case is forbidden by the fact that the spiritual benefits symbolised by the ordinance are invariably spoken of in the New Testament as being realised in and through the ordinance. The ordinance is nowhere described as a mere sign of a spiritual benefit independently realised, and Protestants do untold damage to their cause when they put themselves in the position of having to explain away numerous clear and definite expressions to this effect. The true statement of the case would seem to be, that regeneration is conditioned upon faith in Christ and His atoning work; while Baptism has been appointed to concentrate that faith upon the specific features of that atonement, and to give it definite expression when so concentrated. Thus, in strictly normal cases the moment of the believing reception of Baptism would be the moment of regeneration, but in many cases the faith may precede the ordinance, with the result that the spiritual regeneration will take place before Baptism, as in the instance of Cornelius and his friends. Where this occurs the ordinance will be the outward and formal expression of a faith already existing (Rom. iv. 11; Col. ii. 11); and on God’s side the pledge assuring us of a benefit already received. It will be to the Christian very much what his coronation was to our King. It did not make him king, yet it was the complement of his accession, and who will say that it was unnecessary to the recognition of his kingly position? Besides this, Baptism will be the sacramental admission of the recipient into the spiritual society called the Christian Church, which the kingdom of heaven upon earth identifies itself with, and by which he is assured of the enjoyment of all the rights of our heavenly citizenship.
Click on these posts to get a more complete definition of the terms and people included in the review list.
When you think of France's national idol Serge Gainsbourg, it is very unlikely that you think of reggae. In fact, until very recently, I was not aware he had recorded a reggae album. But the man best known for his popular late 60's duet 'Je t'aime moi non plus' with Jane Birkin, was a reggae pioneer in the truest sense of the word.
A2 Sidi Ahmed-Sidi
My father didn't have an external need for accurate time, no job or medical reason that things had to be done precisely. My dad was a mild OCD type, a recorder, and I didn't realize how much of one until after he died in 2010. I put a new battery in the kitchen clock for my mother a few weeks ago, and found, taped to the back, a list of all the times he'd re-set the clock, and how much it was off by...according to CHU, no doubt.
FOUL
I love a bit of trash. But I understand that I have to consume it in context and moderation. Some people see glossy magazines as bread and butter (or maybe a pie), other people (ok people like me)understand them as the marshmallows of the literary food pyramid; squooshy, airy, sweet and definitely a sometimes food.
“Where is he?”
Those who know me well know that I need absolutely no excuse to expound on the color pink (you'll note this blog's title). But since it is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, I thought I would follow Mrs. Blandings' fabulous lead and do my bit to raise awareness by blogging on pink for the day. Instead of going the Dorothy Draper route, and don't get me wrong , I ADORE Ms. Draper, I thought I would reflect on my most favorite use of pink EVER, my magical wedding reception:
Yes, I'm in love with my Nikibiki tank... and if anyone wants to buy me a few more, feel free!! Of course - get yourself one while you're at it!
These demos are pretty raw and formative, but show obvious signs of the greatness that was to emerge later.
Wow, number 4 already, time is flying isn't it. This Freaky looking little Mouse definitely has something on it's mind... but I for one, am not keen on asking....
The additional spending due to obesity doesn’t fall into a black hole, of course. It contributes to overall economic activity and thus to gross domestic product. But not all spending is created equal.
‘Still a killer out there’ Under Colorado law, a first-degree murder conviction carries an automatic life sentence without the possibility of parole.
Animal hospital staff hope to release Valentine into the care of Sounds of Silent Spirits until the puppy can receive her second prothesis. Valentine will then be put up for adoption, Bacall said.
LITHOPS. And going to sleep with feet touching. I miss smoking.
local artists? Not many I bet, we sure are fortunate to have them on the radio dial.
going on lately and I am behind in things due to that
Beatrice Shilling OBE, PhD, MSc, CEng was a highly talented aeronautical engineer - and motorcycle racer, gaining a Gold Star at Brooklands for her 106mph lap. She became hugely famous when she found an elegantly simple cure for the engine cutting-out problems experienced by Spitfire and Hurricane pilots when making extreme turns. It was a simple fuel-restriction device, like a washer with a needle valve, that was fitted into the SU carburettor and solved (nearly) the problem until pressurised carburettors were fitted to the Merlin engine. The little device became known as "Tilly's orifice" - and many of our brave fighter pilots owed their life to it.
If you would like to see how summer is treating other gardeners, (and if they like the color orange as much as I do) then you need to stop by May Dreams Gardens where hostess Carol throws a monthly party called Garden Bloggers Bloom Day. While you are there please thank her for all the effort.
Brendan has no front teeth. Wyatt is mostly responsible. The teeth have been semi-loose for a while but not much (My boys, so far, lose their teeth kinda late!) Then a fist to the mouth (all in good fun, of course) got one of them quite loose. Brendan was thrilled. He wiggled and messed with it for several hours until it was yanked from his mouth. A few days later....same thing to the tooth next to it. Only difference...it was an elbow instead of a fist. Wyatt! Again, wiggling, pushing, pulling, twisting ensued. I was grossed out beyond belief. He kept showing me this bloody mess of a tooth hanging there in his mouth. By the end of the day that tooth was out. Both front teeth gonzo!
At one point, I came across a fork on the track and memorised this route just in case I got lost. Luck was with me – I turned right and apparently that was the correct direction to Anchorage Bay.
Is a good record better than live music raw?
But...hey, do you like Journey? Wait til you hear my new ringtone!
In lieu of the position I want, I hang towards the window and survey scenery I’ve seen so many times before it no longer registers. A tree’s a tree.
Out of misery’s telling
A man wake up sobbing from sleep. He tries to drag himself out of his bed but everytime he tried he slipped because his body is to weak.. after several tries he manage to get up, When he finally made it, He slowly move his numb feet heading to the rusty iron bars and gently clutching it.. The man uttered in a low but distinct toned of voice” aaah it looks cold outside”…He didn’t even know that years have passed him by, that he missed several thingies in his life…He never even know what the world look outside that place.. That place we called PRISON.
4. When I get the money, what can I do with it? Am I free to do whatever I please? For years now, I have been researching how to breed a Pegacorn (this is the king of all beasts – a Unicorn and a Pegasus). I’ve gotten pretty far in my research but for some reason I just cannot get the horn to show up on the correct end of the manimal (man-animal). My competitor and mortal enemy, Herb, is making more progress than I am. He is totally one of those mediocre musicians who teams up with other mediocre musicians to make a church band. And he brags so much about his music and his findings in relation to the Pegacorn. $85 million will obviously give me an edge over him. Plus if I have a little extra money, maybe I’d even get a chance to find out who King Latifah is… it’s always made me wonder.
This boss managed all the people who worked at the restaurant and the product took care of itself. Eating there was never a let down!
1/2 pint red pepper relish
Authorities have arrested 77 people in a massive Los Angeles-area parole sweep. Nearly 1,000 state, local and federal agents spread out Thursday morning to determine whether 300 people who went to prison for gun crimes are obeying their parole terms. Violators could go back to prison. At a news conference, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said parole system reforms made earlier this year are providing more funding and helping authorities to focus on high-risk offenders.
Sometimes I think there are greater forces at work in our lives than our mundane, ordinary consciousness can perceive, and that most of us have little if any influence over. If that is the case, then what manifests may have more to do with what is needed for us, then what we think we need. Frequently when two people meet and really “click,” they feel like the universe has conspired to bring them together, as if they were destined to meet and to form a lasting bond, perhaps even marry, have children, and grow old together. Certainly it was that way with Traci and I, although my trust in the process was probably greater than hers in the beginning.
I'm all done my shopping, got all of my decorations up on the first weekend of December, been cleaning my house to hip hop music, and wrapping presents to my usual 'traditional' reggae music ( cuz Christmas music is just too freaking sad, that's why!) so I guess I'm as ready as I'm going to be for Christmas.
Row 1- 6sc in 2nd ch from hook. (6) mark 1st sc
Justice League Dark #7
There was a time when you had to hide your ancestral identity if you had anything other than European roots. Persons with any other genetic heritage were considered in some degree of lesser status than the “majority” of the population. Therefore families like mine had to hide their roots, whitewashing them with stories of origin that were nothing but fiction. Because of the intense scrutiny they were under, many took the secrets of their family’s origin to their grave. Documents were destroyed, and history was forgotten. It was a way to survive.
So many lovely words left for both Trev, for his family to read and to his sister and other family members, he was such a decent bloke, wouldn’t hurt a fly, didn’t drink, and would honk at me if I was walking or catching the bus in a morning. It is so surreal, I will miss them honks and you shouting out your window.
I love derby and we have really been enjoying our last Derby in Louisville (but I will continue to celebrate wherever we are!) We finally made it to Thunder Over Louisville and it was so much fun. We started with the Bats baseball game and then walked around and rolled down this hill until time for the fireworks. It was quite cold and a long wait but the boys did great and we really enjoyed it.
Welcome to hell.
As it turns out, I’ve got too much on my mind for this to be a wordless Wednesday. Sorry for the double blog post today, but I don’t know God’s timing and when He is going to speak to me.
No Longer Gone
The festival will showcase beers from Buckbean, Boulder Dam Brewing, Barley’s Brewing, Gordon Biersch Las Vegas, Backyard Brew Pub, Stone Brewing Company, Tenaya Creek, Nevada Beverage and more. The breweries will set up along the waterfront cobblestone streets of The Village and guests can taste top-notch beers while enjoying live music. To round out the evening guests can choose from one of the many restaurants in The Village for dinner.
and all I see man is its gonna have to be Death.
Peeved: Okay, thanks. Here’s my color.
MRR: How do people react to your gigs . .do they slam or something?
But in recent times, I've been more and more drawn back to a craft I love, to the act of creating things out of clay that will last for centuries. And I miss the people too. Potters are of many differing sorts, they make all manners of wares, some call themselves ceramicists, and ceramic artists, I'm not so concerned with those, but more with the artisans, the true potters who feel themselves to be part of a community.
Until then, you can try our Port Barrel-Aged La Bestia Aimable at the Flying Saucer in Austin, TX this coming Thursday (04/21/11), and other fine beer bars in Austin, Houston, and San Antonio in the next week or so. I hope you enjoy, and as always, I appreciate ALL feedback.
I wish I was a child again ;__;
Mission skills allow you to send your crew on missions to gather rare resources and other benefits. It's inadvisable to get more than one mission skill unless you're swimming in credits for some reason, as they're expensive to level up and use.
Proportion of myself trembling with joy: 1
Billed from the Edge of Sanity, Delirious started out in the wrestling right her in the Midwest with his first match against the ultra talented Billy McNeil.
I had a very strange encounter yesterday. In the course of business I met a relative of the man who murdered Mussolini. He took great pleasure in describing how his relative had been a Partisan working for the British State. He had been part of a gang of terrorists who captured Mussolini as he tried to leave Italy, and had personally murdered him in a manner comparable with the recent brutal slaying of Moammar Qadaffi of Libya.
I’ve often wondered if an apology would ever be forthcoming from the experts who manage to get it so wrong. Today there hasn’t even been a mention of how wrong they were. It seems like society has become accustomed to the inaccuracies. Not me. I still find is amazing that the current temperature being reported is several degrees different from the temperature being displayed at the bottom of the screen by that very news channel. Or, when I’m driving in the same town that the radio station is in, sometimes they say it’s currently sunny, but the sky I see is full of clouds. They depend so much on all the weather equipment when sometimes all they have to do is look out the window. If they can’t get that right, it’s hard for me to believe them other times.
CHARLES E. DAWSON
FIRST NAME: “Baby” as a first name
A note on this video: there is a significant difference between this one and the Kony 2012 film. My first thought was in relation to its “style.” This feels more like a “talking head.” I think what the man is saying is very important, but it needed more production quality to help take it’s message farther. This is a lesson all NPO’s (non profit organizations) need to take to heart. You will do better with sharing your message…if you do better with sharing your message.
We often talk of unearthing memories or those things we have kept hidden. Both Clare and Sam in their professional interviews know that there is something personal the two of them need to lift from the ground, 'the long tail of the root, clinging to its earth of history,' and the skill with which Flanery constructs the novel around those details makes this a rewardingly adult read, much like the similarly complex Great House by Nicole Krauss. That book found a place on my books of the year roundup last year and whilst it's too soon to say whether Flanery's will appear on this year's I can certainly confirm it deserves any attention it receives as part of the Waterstones 11 and heralds the arrival of another new writer to keep an eye on.
‘We’re dealing with a situation that is known as consensual in fact, but not in law. And sometimes participants may not realize the significance of the conduct they are engaging in,’ said Fond du Lac County District Attorney Dan Kaminsky
Keenan is the Summer King who has sought his queen for nine centuries. Without her, summer itself will perish. He is determined that Aislinn will become the Summer Queen at any cost—regardless of her plans or desires.
I’ve started building a set of Lightroom presets which I have been using on a few of my 52 week project photos. These generally change the temperature, hue and vignetting on the photos to various degrees.
He comes back to himself. “Than-”
its not really enough, but we truly mean it.
So that’s my argument. Titanic is the worst strictly in terms of proportion. If Titanic had simply been presented without comment, and had lived a fairly quiet life, I may have very different feelings of it. Even if it wasn’t quiet, and still made a crapload of money, like Avatar, but didn’t hold itself out there as being so fucking fantastic…
as we breath deeply:
Fun facts about Joe Amalfitano:
Bees are flying all around. The cherry tree is also in flower. Smell like spring is really on time this year! And the Cockers participate to the fest, as always, enthusiastically.
I get back to the Bean home and start shivering - this is a bad sign.
By, Mert Enbiyaoglu
“It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.” Ralph Waldo Emerson
Blast fat during set breaks. "I think up a move of the day and do it for one minute between each set," says Blahnik. "Explosive, plyometric moves such as jump squats or side leaps or jumping rope boost your heart rate, burn a few extra calories a minute and firm your lower body." You can burn up to about 100 extra calories a session.
Despite the dominate narrative of the Arab Spring – as a collection of uprisings linked by common cause against authoritarianism in the Arab world – Tunisian public debate has been largely insulated from events elsewhere in the Arab world. While Tunisians are aware of and sympathetic toward the other uprisings – especially in Libya and Egypt – there has been little public discussion of the paths toward democracy these countries have taken. Tunisians rightly see their path as a model to follow – rather than the violent and chaotic paths followed by their neighbors.
Final Thoughts: Philosophy, Ethics, and SR
This is going to sound awful, but I have long felt that kids' birthday parties are an especially acute form of torture.
During my liver drowning evening I must have decided to take a few notes, possibly for future blogs or just in case I didn't wake up the next morning.
Well, tonight he unexpectedly got me real good. I think he knows when he can scare me and not have the carp beat out of him as opposed to, “I know better than to do it to her now”.
$145
Lewis is Nicholas Brody, an American soldier rescued after almost ten years as a POW. Brody returns to a Hero’s welcome but CIA analyst Carrie Matheson (Claire Danes) suspects that he has been turned and his loyalties now lie with the terrorists who held him captive.
4. The Bitch once ate for tea an editor who ditto.
There may be a role for comment moderation as pertains to dated posts where comments are no longer current. And it is usually here that my blogs have encountered spam. But in this instance, Google's Blogger's comment moderation feature can be tweaked to cover only comments that are submitted two or more weeks or any other specified time period after the initial posting of a column.
- Maybe she’s a pick pocket?
It’s not a huge change, but the new color on the wall definitely updates it and makes the space look a lot less cold. The old color was a very faint gray in a super cheap flat paint. The new color on the walls is Behr’s Graceful Gray and the print on the wall is from an Etsy shop called Papermoth.
He had a BUBBLE in his throat!
When I then asked if the newly formed Clinical Commissioning Group – which now has the crucial role of deciding our primary health services – would consider reporting to the Members on my Committee directly, I was advised they already report to a sub-group of the Council which the Head of Housing attends.
As soon as I have confirmation of your order, I will add you to the shipping list.
OK.. off to get everything ready for my friends visit!
He's written songs that have been sung by Elvis, Johnny Cash, and Willie Nelson, among others, and continues to write songs that tell great stories.
Look at all the display options then plan your shop accordingly.
Justice will not have been done at Duke until the players and their parents are restored financially, both Mike Nifong and the complainant are criminally charged and convicted, and the professors who signed the nasty statement concerning the players and the team are censured and required to apologize. When all this is done and as publicized as all the accusations and indictments were, then, and only then, will justice have been done.
How did Dave kill Goliath? His sling and a rock that hit him in the middle of his forehead.
This is because when I was abroad for an assignment last year and when my Windows crashed unexpectedly (due to a registry screw up – what else?), all I needed to do was to fire up my Ubuntu and was still able to connect to the Internet to check my emails using Firefox, chat with my colleagues using Pidgin & Skype, open documents & spreadsheets using the free Libre Office and use OpenProj for project management, etc – well you get my drift. What I am trying to say here is that with Windows crashing down (and the only way to fix the crashed Windows was to reinstall Windows all over again – duh), it did not mean the end of story for me.
I was in the desire
much thanks to crooks and liars for this story
I could tell this was going to cost me big bucks because the there were numerous comfortable couches, a colorful rug, and a large-screened TV.
Q: How many Ex-Palawan Governor Joel T. Reyeses does it take to change a light bulb?
Bell’s HopSlam 10%
beauty, and chocolate.
The back cover is another postal order for a commemorative plate for the Queen’s jubilee this year. I reckon that this week’s supplement is more than worthy of four star status, and I heartily recommend it to anyone who enjoys cutting out and sending off for things in the post. Now where did I put those bastard scissors?
Go ahead. Shred me. I learned a long time ago that if I could write a book that pleased everyone, I’d be a very wealthy woman. Since that’s impossibility, I’ve learned to take the bad with the good.
6. The Best Thing I Can Do (Christiansen, v. d. Knaap, Buschman) 5:54
I must find a place
Or take some notes on each night’s kiss
That depends on your sales goals. The best way to figure out how many calls a day you need is to write out the following:
Last Thursday, Mrs. Lirette's blog "Mrs. Lirette's Learning Detectives" blog was viewed 100,000 times!! Amazing!
I hear voices from this land, and I see images of people from this land and they are real.
10. The Roots – Get Busy
To cross out what I’ve become
The end result will be a rich and creamy mayonnaise mixture, ready to use.
The funny thing is that the tech community have long delivered services in what *could* have been called cloud, but wasn’t. The evolution of computing, as characterised by high speed connectivity, massive scaling of computing power and cheap cheap storage combined with significant innovations in virtualisation and distributed computing (all of the above in terms of both costs and reliability). Add a weak economy and the related need to reduce the costs of sale and to reduce overhead in general and we have pretty much created a ‘perfect storm’, the nature of which we haven’t seen since the appearance of a systems architecture approach known as SOA (a topic for a future conversation).
“I’m Going Down”
Stir together the cinnamon and sugar and set aside. You'll use this for dusting the pan, for the center swirl, and for sprinkling over the batter before baking.
His legs bestrid the ocean: his rear’d arm
Jessica Sanchez is probably relaxing after avoiding elimination on Thursday night during American Idol. A chance to regroup before doing it all over again next week with the Top 4 battling out once again. Jessica serenades the crowd performing a Tina Turner rendition of ” Proud Mary ” that surely makes Tina Turner be proud of her. And a heart warming rendition of ” You Are So Beautiful To Me” song by Joe Cocker on Wednesday night.
A Christmas Carol (1951) ... TCM ... 8 PM
I can't wait to see what fun comes out of this Third Campaign!
How joyful the moment was when we drove up a red-balloon lined driveway to our little house where our three older children waited with open arms for their new sister--it was amazing.
Manchester has beautiful buildings but they are being overwhelmed by standard new ones and to strengthen local identity the council should rebuild in facsimile some of the beautiful ones that were demolished.
Captain Gregory Archer knew the importance of recovering this UGV. It was most probable that the UGV had lost contact as a result of weather or technical oversight, but if the Chinese had figured out how to hack into one of these robots then the USA's increasing reliance on drone patrols and support could leave America up the creek. Not to mention that the lack of Sarah's sister UAV and machine gun gave Archer a slight headache. Figuring out what happened and how was worth risking his men's lives.
But a suitable alternative, at least.
For that reason, I'm a firm believer that education should focus a lot more on:
So for those who can speak Japanese, the usage of this phrase goes like this (translation of the quotation from the very first line):
Of Derek Clark's 13 entries on The BBC, for the many £Millions he has cost us, there seems nothing of consequence or note!
and gone so fast!
Production Designer: Craig Sandells
Auras in Zentangle are a repeated outline around a pattern. While these are often used to great effect and can fill a space nicely, I don't really use them unless a pattern has an aura in the design. At first I thought about taking a pattern that doesn't usually have an aura and adding one on to it. But then I thought that I'd use Opus and Flux, two patterns that often have auras but are patterns that I don't normally use.
Serving.
I have been away from the computer, my computer is broken, my husbands laptop (what I am typing on) is available at night. I kept thinking the break from the Internet would be good, maybe I wouldn't dwell so much. but....when my daughter is dead...there is no control, I dwell, how do I not. She is my breath and my heart and I miss her with all I am. I came back and started reading some blogs last night and I felt immediately comforted and simultaneously sad. I cry for others because there are so few I connect with who truly understand the anguish that we feel as baby loss parents. Thank you to all of those who sent me emails and sent me love. I can't tell you how much I appreciate it.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray.
Pistelyni ovat edelleen salaisia ja Pojan lahjassa on vielä paljon tikattavaa :)
YOUR MAMAS NOTES: Los Angeles-based wannabe restaurant mogul Harry Morton is not only opening an humongous Pink Taco restaurant on Tinseltown's famed Sunset Strip he's also, we've learned from a gal we'll call P.R. Puffnstuff, moving house. The last couple of years young, fortunately-born, and well-connected Mister Morton bedded down high above the Sunset Strip in the glammy residential neighborhood known as The Birds* in a gut-renovated bachelor pad he heaved on to the (open) market last week with an asking price of $4,995,000.
484200 Specialized freight trucking (including household moving vans)
I woke up the morning of our lunch and pondered over what to wear. Unfortunatel, my clothes all belonged to my previous geek self, not the Super Cool Writer I was about to become. Still, I managed to select an outfit, and carefully elected to eat cereal for breakfast so nothing stain-causing could get on my clothes. (My clumsiness is a family legend.) Between the heat of the subway stations and the dry AC in my office, it was shaping up to be a bad hair day, but nothing was going to get in the way of my fast-approaching coolness.
The day the lights turn on after a power outage we rush to do everything we missed. In our personal lives we can prevent power outages by taking care of ourselves. However if the light does go out, be prepared in advance. That way you can get light back in your life as soon as possible and not have to catch up on the things otherwise missed or healing and recovery that has ventured backwards.
Ok. Almost done. I bought a roll of celaphane from Michael's (with a 40% off coupon). I wrapped the celaphane around the outside of the cheese box like a present and gathered the celaphane on the sides using a rubber band. Twine or even a hair twistie would work.
Joe Lunievicz. Seriously. Joe contacted me and asked if I’d be interested in reading his forthcoming debut, Open Wounds. I totally love that book. It’s heroic, moving, and exciting. I can’t wait to see it in print.
I could totally go for some 65 degrees here in MAY!!
Big Beat ~ 2008
Your faith in other people is a direct result of your faith in God.
I'm no economist, but it seems to me that if you continue to borrow money without making any new money to pay it back, you're going to eventually run into trouble. It's like trying to pay your Visa bill with your MasterCard. But what do I know? I'm just a dumb, conservative hillbilly.
If you want to read more about why I believe teachers and students interacting shouldn't result in everyone panicking, you can view what I've written about Facebook in education, by clicking here.
- Sine and triangle waves sound pure and flutey, because of the equal climbs and falls between the peaks and troughs.
And because I wish, wish, wish I could bring back gifties for everyone, here are five more folks to whom I'll be sending postcards upon my return from the UK: Jillayne, Marlowe, Oliag, Sunday, and Cathi. If your name is on the list, please send me an email (see Contact and Links) with your mailing address. I'll be pleased as punch to write you a pretty postcard.
Step 8. Once all the soap shapes/colours have been filled into molds, take your denatured alcohol and spray all pieces, until sompletely saturated. No need to wait until dry.
2 tbsp sunflower seeds
I have figured out that my eating is strongly related to stress. When I get stressed, I suddenly want to eat out more. Lots more. I’ve figured out that, in relation to last week’s session about expectations about myself (and what I feel I should be doing or need to be doing at any given moment) that I have a LOT of expectations about what I feel I should be eating. And when I do eat out, I really down on myself for doing so. I’ve had to learn to not spew this out, because it makes my SO feel like crap as well. He feels cock blocked because if he makes me eat in, and eat things I don’t want to eat, I’m a bear to him. And if he lets me eat out, I turn the whole event into some shit fest about how “we really need to get this under control”. It’s pretty much lose lose for both of us. And while I’m curbing how much of it he sees, I’m still thinking it to myself.
The apostle Paul frequently referred to giving thanks: he gave thanks for people (Phil. 1:3), for the faith of converts (Rom. 1:8), for obedience of believers (Rom. 6:17), for spiritual gifts (1 Cor. 14:18), for victory over sin (1 Cor. 15:57), for answered prayers (2 Cor. 1:11), for people who cared for others (2 Cor. 8:15), for the gift of grace provided through Christ (2 Cor. 9:15), for financial support of the ministry (2 Cor. 9:12), for believers (Eph. 1:16), for pleasant memories of people (Phil. 1:3), for joy (1 Thess. 3:9), for strength and being chose for service for God (1 Tim. 1:12), for everything (Eph. 5:20).
We have never been visited by a leprechaun before, but the kids had been talking a lot about the pranks that leprechauns can pull in the last few days, so apparently Seamus the Leprechaun decided it was time for a visit.
shoot back of your ears' Rose
They surely were a grimy, wiry, dishevelled, hard-looking lot. Under the surface they were brave human beings, with generous and charitable hearts.
“Yes, you remembered.” A secret thrill raced over her knowing he’d recalled her name. But the thought of the letter from his girl slowed her racing heart. “I…ah…do hope you received good news from home yesterday.”
Jintan: We… Wee… ell.. Come!!
101 Marden Hill Come On (Ashley Beedle Mix)
Crested the world: his voice was propertied
Now I am a huge Coffee Drinker and I know
Sadly, this "pursuit of happiness" mindset pervades so many facets of life, that a lot of professed Christians get the God-given right wrong and misapply it. Myself included - the temptation to always "do what I want" instead of "doing what I ought" is difficult to resist. There's heroic virtue in suffering, and so many folks don't get it. Folks like Robertson, obviously - you'd think he'd know better.
Beyond being generally fawning to guests, Rose's skein of sponsors includes some supportive of or doing business with the arena.
It was delivered while I was out with the kids and when we came home and saw it,
It shouldn't be.
Arguably (no pun intended… actually, scratch that) one of the worst kind of human beings there are. Only to be bested by ‘The Ass‘, and ‘The Moron’. They’ve got no respect for sanctity of logic, and will resort to almost anything to postpone the end of the argument.
Our annual NWJTT event will take place on Saturday 19th May. Competitors briefing at 10.30am, first race at 11.00am.
1 egg yolk
Callie thought the green pad was the new carpet and was so excited. She thought it was so pretty. She apparently didn’t notice the roll of carpet laying on top of the pad.
The sole passenger to be spared the unpleasantness and indignity is Senator Cedric Kelloway. But he's dead of a head wound before the plane lands.
Thanks to an awesome college advisor, I wound up receiving two majors: literary studies and historical studies. (Don’t laugh, that’s UTD for you. Just round up and call ‘em lit and history.) I started off with literary studies because it was the closest I could get to creative writing without paying $28k a year at a private arts college. Writing fiction is easy. Writing good fiction, for me, started with being able to write good non-fiction: literary essays. By creating verbally blown up diagrams of any particular novel or poem, it allowed me to understand not just what makes a story enjoyable to read, but also how a story ticks, how it moves and affects the reader. The historical studies degree was just a happy accident.
www.dsjmdesigns.blogspot.com
Click on the links below to go to my accounts to download the PNG files, and leave some love if you like my work. Thanks, girls!
From the position of those who depend on foreign travelers for a living, however, there should be a service component to properly welcome visitors and their open wallets. Maybe we shouldn’t aim for a check-in-at-the-Four-Seasons experience, but we should be able to deliver a Marriott level greeting. At least that seems to be the argument made in a recent New York Times article (A Long Wait Gets Longer, Aug 23).
Always good to have an “it ends here” moment on an episodic television show, even one that’s target audience is widely ranged for teens to pre-teens. Plus, Schneider has a tendency to hire adults that aren’t exactly camera friendly. We, at The Throwdown, are not movie stars, but we’re definitely more camera friendly than this guy:
When there is more than one influence, you should combine them. The combination of these planets, sign and house show that the person’s material happiness and success benefits a lot as a result of poetic, artistic ability to connect with emotions on a mystical and spiritual level.
Having said all that, I also think it really is the most wonderful time of the year. And here are my whys...
3. The police will be plunged into constant cyclical change when what we need for law & order is consistency.
The paint was only $1.79 each. I got gloss enamel paint that is safe for glass. Once I let it dry for 24 hours I was able to bake it in the oven on 300* for 20 minutes (put the glass in when the oven is cool, not preheated).
But some netizens have pointed out that one of her tweets to be fishy. It says “I wish I have an iPhone”, but she is currently the endorser to Samsung Anycall phones. Hence it has been said that that account is not authentic.
Peel and cut the carrots into one inch pieces and place in a sauce pan with enough juice from the pineapple to cover the carrots. Add the sugar and crystallized ginger and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to a simmer and let the carrots cook until soft, about 20 minutes.
Soon I was playing the piano for children and youth gatherings at church, and while I was convinced the guys who played guitar in the praise band were much sexier, somehow I still got all the ladies, so I decided to stick with piano.
 All the race mixing and dilution via non-White immigration will dramatically reduce the White population percentage to that of just another minority. And that steadily progressing genocide of our people will get rid of their greatest perceived threat – a unified, racially aware, and proud White majority.
What was the last book you've read and been recommending to everyone? Hunger Games—both the book and movie were great.
“In the United States, the British experience is being held up by Democrats and mainstream economists as an object lesson in the risks inherent in aggressive short-term budget cutting amid signs that the recovery could be losing traction again.
I was told many years ago that an equipment operator is only as good as the equipment he or she runs. This is true, not only in design, but also in their ability to deal with outside the design circumstance.
“It’s all relative” is accurate insofar as we acknowledge that there are objective truths to which relativity may be measured. Considering the previous example: Objectively, killing someone is wrong, and this rule has been put into place as foundational to our very existence. Christians know its origin, and the world obviously has “natural revelation” working towards its benefit, in place so that it serves as God’s instrument to practice and enforce it. No matter how the truth is known, it is there and it is an all-encompassing, unalterable truth no matter what anyone believes otherwise. But is killing someone always wrong, say, when it comes to self defense? The rule remains, but the subjective rears and shows its relation to the objective. In that sense, it is relative, especially if someone has every intention of killing you and you fight back resulting in the attacker’s death. Killing is wrong, but in this case, perhaps justified and necessary for preserving the ultimate objective truth which says that killing is wrong.
As I said, I don’t want to criticise him unfairly without having all of his comments together for analysis, but, frankly, that comment, which he did repeat, is, to quote many leading theologians, “a load of fetid dingo’s kidneys”!
Getting up on stage can be tricky. I've done it a lot as a dancer, and when I'm teaching, so I'm observant at what seems to work and what doesn't. As a person who gets to see a lot of models both for still photography and like this, on stage, this is my top 10 ways to boost your pin up star rating...
I’m not sure how to expand on that, other than to say that you know when a system doesn’t work well at the table.
Today, you can find me in a couple of places at some of my favorite blogs, hanging out with some of my favorite chicks!
And we see, if we take any one particular country that received the Gospel, how over the centuries it brought forth fruits. It had saints, the lives of people were completely changed, and there was a total difference between the time that country was pagan and the time it accepted Orthodox Christianity. If you take any country in the West, such as Britain or France, or in the East, such as Byzantium or Syria or Russia, you will see that this is the case.
- When the tiles in your bathroom go mouldy, shrug and leave the mould to spread
By way of an in-between post I would like to share with you these two great videos from Mali, both in a way related to Super Biton and Ségou.
Begin reviewing for midterms. The midterm outline is posted below.
Where Labour authorities decide to go down the, still as yet unmapped, path of the "Co-operative Council", UNISON needs to adopt an approach of critical engagement which both protects (and asserts) our independent role as representatives of the interests of workers and seeks to push local authorities away from the rocks and rapids of outsourcing towards more fruitful and practical "work streams" of co-production and community engagement.
Inside the house they found several bones lying around the living room, thigh bones and skulls on the kitchen table and bags of skulls waiting for attention. There were also books on sexual deviation and black magic, as well as other aspects of the occult.
mother’s quiet call seeped into her consciousness. Despite the miles between them, her mother’s probing mind reached hers, long-tentacled thoughts grasping and prodding for a hold. Melusine blocked her mother out and sighed.
Unfortunately, there were issues. The reed is really rusty, and the one I used to replace it wasn't as wide, affecting the shed. So I have to clean the old one, or get a new one.
As I mentioned in my last post, Hadot spends much of the first book describing in great detail the ways in which philosophy was lived, taught, practiced, and written in the cultural and historical contexts in which it was produced in the Ancient world. And he argues that Ancient Greco-Roman philosophy, while clearly divided into schools, they shared certain fundamental premises together as all being recognized as philosophy. Despite the variety of Ancient groupings, including the four classical Ancient schools, including the Platonic Academy, the Aristotelian-Peripateic Lyceum, the Stoics, and the Epicureans, as well as the off-shoot ‘anti-schools’ of Skepticism and Cynicism, or the first schools of the Pythagoreans, along with the later development of Neo-Pythagorean and Neo-Platonic schools, there was, particularly by the end, much in common between these. All who practiced a “way of life” based on theories, rather than beliefs in a deity, were known in the Ancient world as philosophers, whether they wrote or taught that philosophy. Clearly this is different from the present, in which those who write and teach are called philosophers, while those who practice a life of disciplined reflection, not based on a deity, have no particular title at all.
1/20 vs. Phoenix, L 71-79 (L -6.5), Under
Post 54.
This young man was a gifted student, a university graduate, and a linguist, speaking four languages fluently. Unable to secure a role related to his degree, he turned to teaching as a source of income.
You will speak in love and wisdom
I don't know. I'm beyond thrilled to he trying so soon. I'm beyond thrilled that this option is even available to us. I'm angry that my body can no longer do what it's supposed to do and what comes naturally for everyone else is going to cost me a small fortune.
Yvonne Osborne
“This is the problem, this is the legacy of Gough Whitlam, it looks like it’s going to be a legacy of Julia Gillard.
As for this particular track, it's another great example of the "Motown West" feel and sound that is heard on so many Mirwood 45's. Full of excitement, from the swirly strings, the cool vocals and tambourine hits that coincide with my heart beat when I hear tracks like this.
In the back forty, there is a tiny little drainage ditch that carries water onto my property.
Ride On Mowers – Fun to Ride
THE POP COP: Do you like getting awards?
Not one man approached me first....I made all of the effort....where are all of the MEN? And, no, it's not any harder for them than it is for me to make the first move. I am, at heart, an old fashioned girl and I was just thinking, maybe there was a gentleman cowboy out there, looking for me, too.
9:45am update: Today is Allen's one day off for the week. He's trying to stay out of the butchering . . . so instead, he and Gus are making up some bookshelves! We had the lumber already sanded, just needs to be cut, nailed together, stained, and sealed. We need these bookcases to use them as a "wall" between Gus and Josiah, when they share Gus' room, so they can each have some privacy, and a place to put things (um, like clothing, for instance).
Why is marriage so hard? I knew there would be struggles, but this is so much work, and now that I'm a mom, I'm really tired! I was relieved to find compassion in Jesus' teaching in Mathew 19. He says, "'Not everyone is mature enough to live a married life. It requires a certain aptitude and grace. Marriage isn't for everyone....But if you're capable of growing into the largeness of marriage, do it'" (vv.11-12 The Message). I'm convinced that if we are married, we are capable of growing into the largeness of marriage with God's strength. But it is a huge undertaking, something we must grow into. Marriage is a relationship we start learning about the day we get married, and if we're smart we'll keep learning for the rest of our lives.
Now we have a job to do, coz we know that we are on the brink of independence but we are not independent yet!
"I don't need to endorse him because I am a 100% supporter him of and I've already endorsed him. And I've already, you know -- everybody always asks me 'Are you going to do what you did in 2008?' What I did in 2008, I did because people really didn't know -- my friends didn't even know who he was at the time," Oprah Winfrey told CNN.
The St. Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra will perform at UC Davis' Mondavi Center in Jackson Hall.
Woody, Roman, Pee-Wee, etc etc, THE LIST GOES ON. Lots of people are less awesome in real life than we'd like them to be. They are... well, they are people. People are flawed. Some people believe things that you don't believe. Some of them do things you wouldn't do. Some are real schmucks. Some of them are actually criminals. Does this take away from their work?
How the uncool girl was dictating to everyone what was cool reminds me of many, many fashion magazines. Take Seventeen's August issue. (I just read it because my dad neglected to tell me he gave it to me until recently, and he has my September copy.) Anywho, I love the section where they tell you the cutest stuff at the mall, so you don't have to work that tiny brain of yours to pick out something you like and put your own outfit together. I mean really, who has time for thinking for themselves?
Jake and I have a lot to do this weekend. We're going down to the condo and cleaning it before turning it over to the property manager. We also have some water softener people coming over Saturday afternoon to test our water and just for letting them come over they're giving us a free case of water bottles and free lunch at Olive Garden, so you know I couldn't turn that down! And hopefully we will be 90% or more complete with Jaxon's nursery by the end of this weekend. I really hope we can get everything put away in the house this weekend too because I'm tired of looking at boxes everywhere. I also have to find a dress to wear for the Marine Corps Ball that's taking place Nov 10! I know Jake is thrilled to be going with me to do that. ;)
Among the many festivals taking place in Riga during Spring-Summer period. I can mention Go Blond-Festival. Marika Gederte is a blond from Riga, and she and her friends invited to all European blonds to have fun in Riga the first week of June.
Some Veterans Groups, tired of long waits to receive mental healthcare through the VA Hospitals for PTSD and more filed a lawsuit in Federal Court against the VA, winning a 2 to 1 ruling against the VA, that cited, “Department of Veterans Affairs documents showed that the system took an average of 4.4 years to review veterans’ health care claims, that more than 1,400 veterans who had been denied coverage died in one six-month period while their appeals were pending, and that 18 veterans per day were committing suicide, much higher than the rate among the general population”
I never knew they existed until yesterday when I bought them at our local Food Lover’s Market. They are seriously juicy and much less “dense” than their “average” local cousins. They taste like an apple/pear hybrid. And I mean you can actually taste BOTH types of fruit. Unlike the grapple which just smells like grape but ends up tasting like an apple dipped in grape juice.
That was 6 years ago.
We have learned that birds are cruel little creatures that have no qualms with throwing their babies out of the nest if they are not making the grade. I know, I didn't believe it at first, either...until I saw it first hand. It is quite harsh.
And here’s some during the dig out…
A substantial ‘inheritance’ granted as a lump sum granted to all citizens on reaching the age of 18. To be funded by a substantial increase in inheritance tax. This would, for the first time, make the idea of equality of opportunity genuinely meaningful.
Heat 1 Tbs olive oil in a large dutch oven over medium high heat. Sear each side of the roast until nicely browned; about 5 minutes per side. Remove to a plate or platter and set aside.
Her mirror would laugh too
The quilting is a combination of ditch quilting and my wavy line quilting, all done with my walking foot. Wrestling the quilt through the machine was a challenge at times, but I chickened out on trying the block quilting with my free motion foot, so I was stuck twisting and turning the quilt quite a lot. Now I just need to find where I stashed the binding strips to keep them away from curious felines and I will be all set to get the binding sewn on.
Place remaining chocolate and shortening in a pyrex bowl or measuring cup. Heat and stir in 30 second intervals in the microwave until melted and smooth. Dip half of each cookie into chocolate, allowing excess to drip off. If desired, roll dipped edge in nonpareils/edible glitter/sanding sugar. Place cookies on waxed paper until chocolate is set.
Good design can improve safety.
Congratulations girlie! Have a great time with your Target gift card!
YOU AND I
Baths
Music, Politics and Agency in the Digital Age: Capitalism, Creativity and Music
It wasn't a rabbit -- or a hedgehog, or a frog -- or anything remotely cute. The first living things Beatrix Potter wrote about were fungi.
Vanilla ice cream with wine
I am saying bye to this bad aura. She will eventually bite into someone else’s soul. But she will never nor will anyone ever take a bite out of this sou!!
I think seeing the sheer amount of diapers we were throwing away is what swayed me to give it a shot. I've always hated wasting things, and the idea of using the same set of diapers over and over appeals to me. I've also become much more environmentally conscious since Lu was born, because I want her to learn to be responsible and not wasteful.
Cystine – An amino acid found in urine and horsehair. Used as a nutritional supplement and in emollients. Alternatives: plant sources.
P.S. Spellcheck makes me laugh. I just love some of the suggested words they have on here. It dinged me on "holic" after the word lemon. And the list of suggested words for holic were: colic, Hollie, hoick (what is that??), holli, and helix. *laugh my butt off*
This is not a contest based on need. This is a contest based on design. So fill your entry with all the ideas that you have for your big day!
I’ve written out what I want in more detail. I’ve told myself I have the money I need already. And I know that all my financial worries are gone because I have more than enough money to meet all my personal and professional needs every month!
Courtney again fuels my belief she is the most skilled competitor in history when Ben offered her the fantasy suite card and instead, she asked him how he felt about it. This girl shouldn’t be a model. She should go around to high schools and teach girls to compliment fish. You don’t even know you are doing it until it is too late. Jedi Mind Trick, shit. I mean, she’s just so cute and smart and talented… Wait. Fuck. She just did it to me.
An occasional pigeon passes by flapping around, reminds me of the ants gliding on the walls in a zig- zag manner. Every thing moves on.
...A tornado ripped through our house the other day, after months of minor flare-ups. It was intense. And exhausting. I had forgotten how loud and physical these moments can be, and the thought that this used to be a daily occurence makes me so thankful to be where we are now.
By Anthony Ogbole
How do we show love? Many of you probably have a boyfriend of girlfriend (depending on your gender), and even if you don’t, you probably have someone to whom you are very close, whether it be a friend, relative, colleague, peer, or parent. (No man is an island, you know.) How do we communicate our love to them? There are a variety of ways. One would be to talk with that person. And not necessarily about anything monumental, either. Just to open up and speak freely about anything and everything. This demonstrates a level of trust between the participants. Another is acts of service. To give of your time and energy to perform a task for their benefit, not for praise or to be patted on the back, but just to let them know that you are thinking them, and care for their wants and needs. Both of these require that we give the one thing that we have which can never be replaced: our time. In a very real way, your life is nothing but time. Breath is just a clock. You have so much allotted to you, and once it’s gone, it cannot be regained. So to give of your time is truly the greatest act of love that you can perform. If you are in a relationship (the romantic variety), you know that all you want to do is to be with that person – to do things for them, talk to them, or just be there, even if you’re doing nothing more than watching the clouds. Everything is more beautiful when you’re together.
about them devoting days to extracting strange percussive
Tocco Tenero is the label for a range of forward fashion leather bags. It is a graceful blend of the vibrant pace of today’s fashion with the characteristics of traditional Italian culture, such as beauty, perfection and passion.
The movie revolves around the day of the life of Dante (Brian O’Halloran), a lonely convenience store worker that is trying to get through the day. He is called into work on his day off to open up the store. He doesn’t want to deal with the riffraff that comes into the store everyday.
Me "Yes baby what is it?"
I am really looking forward to the weekend and some much-needed patio time! We like to sit out back with a fire in the chiminea and put peanuts out and watch the squirrels and the birds in our “nature show”! We are loving our Florida life-style! TGIF! Thank God it’s Friday or my favorite, This Grandma is Fantastic! Happy Weekend everyone!
*Remember that the dough will begin to lose its ability to hold fine detail after about an hour.
problems have solutions
Solution: This is like putting the cart before the horse, and failing to optimize the landing page for your mobile display and search campaigns can cost you valuable conversions. To ensure you’re providing users with a fast mobile experience free of pinching and zooming, check out our guide on “How to Build a Mobile Website.”
Cordless electric mowers are a very good choice for your lawn care wants for several factors. Everyone today is extra environmentally conscious and are actively discovering methods to lower their footprint on the environment. Since electric mowers don’t run on gasoline you don’t have the exhaust output of classic mowers.
is spending it.
- the absence of suitable accommodation, developed to meet client needs, will send this FDI elsewhere and the potential jobs will be lost to Ireland;
Would we have cared more,
But in other situations, the two roles don’t mix well. If you have a really frustrating day at work, you should be able to vent to your good friends, but not if those friends are your employees. You probably don’t often correct or reprimand your friends, but you might have to correct or reprimand an employee. Friends see you at your best and your worst, but you never want your employees to see you at your worst. Friendships work better when the two people are peers, and you’re simply not your employees’ peer. If you try to be friends with your employees, sooner or later someone’s feelings are going to be hurt.
To frost the cake, you can first trim the tops of you cakes (with a serrated knife) first to make them flat, I didn't do this.
The empty room is inside the reader. When he connects with the poem he does it within himself, he gets to connect with a part of himself that he might not have realised was there, as if he’d walked into a room with him. I view ‘place’ in an abstract sense. When you say that a person has found his place in the world you’re probably not talking about a physical location.
But hey, you know, it’s not the worst watch in movie history. If you compare it to LotR, Gladiator, 300, and Transformers, it’s going to come up short, but if you compare it to the other films (Pathfinder, 10,000 BC, Gobots) that are clearly trying to pull an ape-and-cash on those films, it’s pretty awesome. It’s on the same level as something like Ridley Scott’s Kingdom of Heaven (2005), uneven but worth a watch.
As for offences against the Agong, isn’t it still fresh in our mind that in the run up to the Bersih 2.0 rally last year, the authorities detained six members of Parti Sosialis Malaysia for “waging war against the Agong”? That this is a concocted charge is self-evident when not an iota of evidence has been produced to substantiate the accusation to date.
I have an addiction: respect it.
We collected in the street as if for some harmless family gathering, sitting at makeshift benches to eat and talk. There were at least a hundred of us, and we didn’t want to raise suspicion. Our small cache of artillery was hidden nearby. The air was prickling, men glancing over their shoulders with urgency in their dark eyes.
fevers, throwing up, and icky coughs.
They get even better with a butter sauce filled with mushrooms and peas. Top it off with Parmesan cheese and you’re set for an enjoyable meal. Homemade ricotta is creamier and more flavorful than what comes from the store. Do yourself a treat and make some. It only requires cream, whole milk, lemon juice, salt and some cheesecloth to allow for the moisture to seep out.
In the opening scenes of Satyajit Ray's flawed, yet intimately haunting, The Music Room (1958), an aging Bengali feudal landlord (zamindar), Biswambhar Roy (Chhabi Biswas), sits with his back to us in a large chair on the roof of his dilapidated mansion. He puffs away on his hookah, lost in time, while time is clearly running out on his era of wealth and power. Set in the late 1920s, the zamindar's only connection to the comforts and pleasures of his class privilege is the music concerts he presents in his home. The music room, which holds within it the fleeting power of nostalgia, transports Roy from the afflictions of time to the more nobler moments in his past, while his present life decays around him. (It is perhaps a rich irony, not lost here, that it was the feudal classes, so influenced by the West, that actually kept Indian classical music alive.)
(Seriously, I haven't seen an alarm clock since April 4th!!!!)
I won't steal their post, but wander over and take a look.
"Looks laa-ve-ly, Doug"
In response to a report that was the outcome of the Human Rights Watch research, and the efforts of other civil society organizations, several South African government officials committed to addressing abuses and enforcing labor laws, in spite of negative reactions from farm owners.
I would first like to introduce you to one of my favorite journalists, Alexander Nazaryan. He writes for the NY Daily News. His articles, I think, are both intelligent and well-written. On 21 Febraury 2012, he wrote a blog entry on David Foster Wallace’s birthday. Had DFW not killed himself in 2008, he would’ve been 50 in 2012.
Um, yeah. This show is daring and has pushed the format of the sitcom more than any show since Arrested Development. Any additional episodes produced, I consider a blessing.
On the basis of modern scientific research, only a small portion of the mysteries of material nature have been unraveled. Hence in comparison to what yet remains to be discovered whatever has been unraveled is very infinitesimal. Today the discovery of atomic energy is said to be a great scientific achievement and yet great scientists of the world opine that the more science dives deep into the subtle nature of the world even greater amazing mysteries can unfold. In comparison to a pile of dust the miracle of atomic energy is supreme. In the same way in comparison to atomic energy, the power inherent in the nucleus of an atom is that much more manifold. If the atom is the solar system its nucleus is the blazing sun at its centre. All the planets of the solar system depend on the sun for light and energy. Lest the sun gets destroyed the entire solar system will collapse. One will never know where and how it petered away to naught. A scientific intellect will indeed be wonder struck to note how powerful the nucleus of the atom is and its method of directing atomic movements. There is a great possibility of an even more powerful energy existing in the cave of the atomic nucleus and that even deeper than that an even more intense power is present. Today topics like ‘anti-universe’ and ‘anti-atom’ are being discussed animatedly all over the world. It is believed that bang opposite to our world lies another magical world which is very close to it. This unknown world is becoming so powerful which can be compared to the soul force of ones body. Just in case one unfolds the mystery of the anti-universe and anti-atom and gains mastery over it only then can man (who claims to be supreme amongst all living beings of the world) truly proclaim that he is the master of the world.
She suddenly rounds on him and asks him how he could talk about her legs and say such horrible things to her child. He snorts at her description of Veda as a “child” and tells her that kid knows a lot more than Mildred thinks she does. Things go waaay off the creepy deep end when Monty calmly says that Veda even asked him how many times he usually screws her mom. And he told her. And he sees nothing wrong with that at all. So, just so we have this clear, a middle-aged man is sitting down with a 14-year-old and discussing in detail the sexual relationship he’s having with this girl’s mother. I’m so horrified watching this scene, I almost don’t know what to do.
All I ask of you is to spread the 'word' and if you show one of these on you blog would you kindly link back to the link I am putting in the sidebar.
I had to take 10 items including shoes, clothes and accessories to create five outfits to wear for a working week.
NASA Warns of Declining Arctic Sea Ice
Okay, not really.
Tuesday morning, I hit the road for home. Some highlights of the drive home:
And for me, life matters.
To create this I first placed a rectangle on the mat and sized it a bit bigger than 4 x 6. I then added the letters for Austin's name, grouped them together and played with the size until it worked. I then added some width to the rectangle so I would be able to bind it. I then opened 5 new layers and copied the rectangles and lined them up so it looked as if there was just 1 on the mat. I then copied each of the letters to the proper layer and placed them so they could be welded to the rectangle. This was much easier to line up than the other type of word book. Using the color fill for mat layers helped a lot too. I'm not certain why but for some reason craftroom will not let me select most of the items on my mat. Anyone else have that happen? It's really strange.
Our egg retrieval is complete, and it went really good!
3 cups milk (any combination of evaporated, half and half, milk, heavy cream)
Kim Wilde Cambodja UK
Yet sometimes I wish I was one of them machines; for at least they’ll have someone to take care of them, oil the gears, clean their parts, and fix their short circuits may an idiotic user decide to use his child-like creativity and convert them into a coaster for his coke… But then I turn towards the mirror, and what my photoreceptors send back to my occipital lobe is nothing but a blurry image of a rusty broken engine…
Gia desperately wants her crush Ricky to make a move on her, but so far he has not so she prays the summer with no parents or siblings will encourage him as she wants to be his squeeze and not just his BF. When he does not and another cutie Rashad makes a move, Gia apparently adopts a new crush. Ricky is crushed as he wants her to be his girl.
It wasn’t even like it took a lot of effort. The white strips were relatively inexpensive compared to other treatment and I used them at night while reading or watching TV. I went on YouTube one day I had some extra time and found a new way to braid my hair that I love and works well for my haircut. I only exercise for a half hour three or four times a week. That’s not a lot of time, but it’s enough to make me feel better (it’s a health thing, and the rest is just a really nice bonus). The skin products were a different type than what I normally bought, but nothing special. I needed new clothes as my old ones no longer fit and looked worn. I’m transitioning from being a college student to a full-time employee (weird). That means my whole wardrobe has to change over the next few years.
Intermediate Documentary Filmmaking
into mid-winter’s grip, the dusk crepuscular and very cold,
But I learned my lesson and I hope you'll learn from my mistake, friends.
The main characters in my book are: Liza Dozier Hamgorium, Berlin Hamgorium, their 5 daughters: London, Leanne, Lana, Lahti, and Latasha Hamgorium. I liked London the most because through all the tragedies she stood her ground and found out the truth about her mom Liza in the end.
Serve warm or at room temperature - I recommend with a big dollop of vanilla icecream.
Wrapped his legs around his swag and stuck his left hand through the strap
Over the last few years, I have dug deeper into providing peer support and trainings in media, storytelling and legislative advocacy for people in the sex industry via my work at the Red Umbrella Project. Through this work, I have been critically examining the ways that the sex worker rights community talks about what we do and what we want to see change. I have been looking hard and close at who this “we” of the sex worker rights community is, and I have been listening hard to people who feel excluded by that “we.”
I was glad that we had some rice in the pantry, and sliced up a couple of the tomatoes from last week's grocery shopping trip to round out the meal. Desert was (what else?) leftover birthday cake.
9 Good-Bye
Don’t forget too, that 70% of an officers time is ‘paperwork’ related, because of the replication of details, written, typed, sung, danced, and written again, all because we have to cover all angles of attack and having to justify our existence that we are needed to keep our society safe and away from harm.
0utsider, with cupped hands
We should be focused on living Jesus’ Greatest Two Commandments instead of justifying our rightness based upon some doctrine-of-demons formula.
all i can think of is how i'd love to sit down and pick your brain. you were a product of the depression, and you prospered because of it, on very little money.
Mandy Fontain
another hot one today, darlings, so i'll be drive-by blogging today.
Step 4: Start making your folds. Due to the heavy starch your fabric will be nice and stiff so it will help you make your folds. Once you find a size you like just staple away!
Whilst Messrs Whitehouse and Clark, the administrators, are clearly accountants of great skill and experience, they do not, as far as I know, have any background in running a football club. Perhaps the fact of his departure is the best epitaph for Mr Smith and his ill-fated tenure at Ibrox. More a case of “And Smith must go!” rather than “And Smith must score!”
Have yourselves a wonderful, creative weekend
Begging to get back to my heart
2 fall
I called my father. Could he come from 9 am to 11:30 am Wednesday morning and watch Everette while Junior was at nursery school? Chuck’s mom would meet him at the house with Junior. He said he’d love to, but he needed to call my aunt to see if she could take my grandmother to the doctor’s instead. If I didn’t hear back from him, Wednesday morning was fine.
One more thing, I suppose I lied; I do have one photograph for you. It’s from my little porch during an exquisite sunset. Even the sky can brighten my spirits when I am down.
. . . heals my terrible day,
Hot-cross buns!
Happy almsot hump day friends! See you tomorrow for WILW!
About my artwork 2008-2011:
I'm not the kind of girl who strives for fame or anything, but even I have to admit that it would be kind of cool to have people know your name :)
Such views are widely shared. “What we are really not that good at is the longer-term management,” says Rudd. “Patients come into hospital, get into the stroke units, but then actually spend most of their time sitting around not really having very much happening to them. There is, I think, evidence of a link between the intensity of therapy and the speed of recovery people make, so we have to think about how we get more therapy for people without necessarily saying we need staff.”
By Mister Fox of the Green Arrow Forum.
If the person becomes intensely fearful or worse still terrified, which is most likely, then the person’s heart will beat extremely fast and the blood pressure will rise to an extremely high level. And again a coping habit may come into play. If it is an EMCM it can have a very significant additive effect because it will help the person become unaware of the extremely unpleasant ideas, and possibly very quickly but it will be a very hefty price because their blood pressure will soar to a very unnaturally high level. Such high blood pressure will have a devastating effect if the area is already weaken by an immune reaction.
I cut down a bit of bench to mount a temporary wedging table. Much of the remaining stuff is mine, destined for my flat, but.... um
FDR (getting excited): We’ll have a Hundred Days program. We’ll get as much through Congress as we possibly can – we’ll spend as much as we can print. It’ll be awe-inspiring!
Birth is as safe as life gets Dr Pesce. The therapeutic use of self as a health care practitioner is what makes both life and birth safer. As Barbara Katz Rothman says "birth is about making strong and capable mothers". Time to stop pulling the rug from under women's sense of self with all this 'turf war' rhetoric! Since pregnancy and birth are truly natural states, and are not, per se, reliant on outside management, the woman has a basic natural right to maintain personal control over primary level decisions, including if and when she goes to hospital. The midwife is the professional care provider with the skill and the ability to attend births at home. If a position statement which is endorsed by the regulatory authority effectively restricts the midwifery profession to attending only home births that meet criteria for being at ‘low risk’ from a clinical/obstetric perspective, a significant number of women will be either excluded from making an informed decision about home birth, or they may engage the services of unregulated attendants and continue to plan home birth. Neither of these options is in the interests of the mother’s and her baby’s wellbeing.
Drumroll, please . . .
Part I
Link up your creation so we can cruise by and oogle your talent...
The art we need in an age of ecological crisis should be fundamentally relational rather than self-expressive because of the heightened need to nurture respectful connectedness among people and with nature.
Because 2011 was the first full year of blogging here, I must say that in my eyes, it could not have gone any better. I feel truly lucky and blessed to be able to have covered so many great events, such as the World Premiere of the Gods and Generals Director’s Cut, and to have had the chance to interview so many great people. All in all, we ended up with more than 160,000 views during the calendar year, for a daily average of 459. As always, I will be trying my best to bring you the latest news/interviews/coverage surrounding the latest Civil War-themed movies, such as 1863, Copperhead, and To Appomattox; if you keep checking back, you will not miss a thing. Once again, I would like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy 2012! See you all on the blogosphere next year!
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a deep pan ot pot, until just smoking, hot enough so that a drop of batter rises quickly to the surface covered in bubbles (or until a cube of bread browns evenly in 30 seconds) Turn down the heat to medium.
Those cartoon characters never aged of course, and it occurs to me that the Tramp never did, either. He certainly evolved, though not that much. And Chaplin obviously grew older. But Chaplin’s physical gifts remained, and the pancake makeup, mustache and hat still stuck, so there isn’t much to distinguish the Tramp in Kid Auto Races from the Tramp in Modern Times (1936). He’s eternal. Maybe he mellowed a little. But mostly, we mellowed to him.
fighting for your life pretty
Take our degraded art and literature: it is for talented people to re-link with spiritually uplifting art and re-grow it. For example, in Poetry, re-link with our original Anglo-Saxon forms such as the beautiful internal rhyme of alliteration, whereas end rhyme is dull and monotonous; or, Medieval because of the importance of Ballads as a vehicle to convey our suffering under our elected representatives who are against us. The matter of Robin Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham is precedent.The family is exemplified in Monarchy. The institution of Monarchy is the embodiment of the nation and the Monarch is on our stamps, our court cases are Regina v X; we walk and drive on the Queen’s highway. The throne goes automatically to her successor. It is not the person but the office. The king is dead long live the king. It is continuity but also has a deep archetypal import that touches our deepest instincts. The natural form of Government is absolute Monarchy. It is the summum bonum of our family system and the family is its reflection. King and Queen are Father and Mother of the nation. Our current royal family are badly advised and reflect the general chaos instead of setting an example. I once read that the Queen Mother liked Ali G! This is propaganda to make them more ordinary in deference to demands by the tabloids and their global-elite owners but has made them contemptible. We must begin working towards absolute monarchy. They have archetypal importance to their people and a relationship with the whole nation not certain classes and factions.
So here's what I am looking for.
“I were a bit apprehensive at first and thought Oh, I hope she’s not put nowt dodgy in it, but she’s a lovely lass and she’s from Texas. I said to her At least it’s not the Texas Chainsaw Massacre and I got on great with her and she might be coming to see the show tonight.”
Baby, I've been, breaking glass in your room again
Okay so obviously this challenge is finished for the month of March but, I would still like to share with you the card I made. Here is the sketch you had to follow ...
I can't believe this weather. I still haven't planted anything and won't until after Easter. I've seen it snow here in April. I may get the rest of the soil turned in the garden either today or tomorrow. More likely tomorrow. Am trying to find someone willing to till it and a couple of other spots.
One of my favorite things about LA is the selection of independent boutiques. I LOVE shopping on Main St. and also Montana Ave. in Santa Monica. Melrose (Ave.) is great also. Planet Blue is a must if you're in town.
April 12, 2012
The mercury had climbed up to 30 C (with 90% humidity) by the time entree was served and we all agreed this light and refreshing dish was a very good choice indeed.
For instance, a couple of years ago, I told myself that I was going to take advantage of my company’s (unpaid) Sabbatical policy and take a big chunk of time off to get all of the boxes and boxes and boxes of random written documentation of my life—everything from birthday cards to letters from camp to diaries to notes passed in class—organized and catalogued so that I could begin to write a type of creative nonfiction memoir thing. Man, I was excited about this idea. I even had a title in mind for what I wanted the end product to be called. My plan was that I would spend part of my days doing the physical cataloguing and creating notes that would piece together what the narrative of the story would be. My goal would be to capture the essence of that CRAZIEST/WILDEST/FUNNIEST person I’d once been, and tell her story. I’d spend full, glorious days writing, writing, and writing some more. I’d take breaks now and again to work out or go take a swim, but my main focus would be my complete immersion in and devotion to the creative process. At the end of these hypothetical days, I’d go get the Geej from school and then be totally devoted to my time with her without being distracted by the incessant gnawing in my gut caused by my horribly neglected creative muse.
Today I said farewell to my only brother, David Rivero. David was a singer and songwriter in love with country music. Not having had one music lesson in his life, he picked up a guitar one day, and just started playing, following the footsteps of our father. His children now do the same. He went on to write music, my favorite being "Midnight Rainbow". That song among many, went to the top of the hit lists in Europe. His music will live on, being that his songs have been contracted and will be sung by other artists.
Bord Gais Eireann, Alternative Energy, Deals By Region, 2006 to YTD 2012 6
But if this is the case, (thousands of jobs have been created in the past few months) isn’t paying more at the pump a small price to pay to have people working again? What happened to taking the bus, riding a bike, or even walking to your destination?
The unfortunate accident shocked the entire nation, prompting some netizens to ask for Mr Baey’s opinion on his Facebook:
I wanted to play along with the Waltzingmouse sketch challenge this week and had the idea of making a wall hanging with the layout. I picked up some chipboard album pieces a while ago and figured that if you use them seperately they make great little pieces of wall-art (they have two holes at the top perfect for threading ribbon through). Here's the finished piece:
Prima & Secunda (grades 9 & 8, respectively):
Sitting in a cozy little restaurant by the bar,
Miss Brookfield will still be standing at the forthcoming elections.
2x max pullups, max L-sit hold
But, I’m simply reporting what I’ve seen elsewhere; the fact that its out there is a story unto itself, don’tcha know – and, in all honesty, I think Ann ‘I’m the white daughter of a white millionaire and I married a white millionaire and cranked out five white boys, so of course I know what its like to raise non-white children while being non-white and making minimum wage’ Romney should be forced to admit or deny making the statement…
Row 20- ch1, fpsc around ch2, (bpdc around dc, fpdc around dc) around, join to sc.
“This was something that didn’t have to happen. There should be confidence in the parliamentary system and respect for the businesses and people who live around that zone,” he said.
One January, in 2010, I was looking at some writers’ websites, surfing and browsing, and letting the double-click take me where it willed. I had become a little more au fait with the internet and even gone as far as setting up a Facebook and Twitter account, which I had yet to do much with, when I stumbled by pure chance on something called the Scattered Authors’ Society, the SAS. It took me a while to find out what it was. Every time I put SAS into the search engine, you can guess what came up. I knew it wasn’t any of the offerings Google presented me with but a very different elite, crack group. I persevered. I found their entry on page five of my Google search.
To the same saucepan, add the onion and saute until translucent, approximately 2 minutes. Add the garlic and saute. Then add the rice and stir for approximately 1 minute. Add the wine and simmer until absorbed, about 1 minute. Add 1 cup of the clam juice mixture to the rice, stirring frequently until the liquid had absorbed, approximately 5 minutes. Repeat, 1 cup at a time, until all the liquid has been used and the rice is tender but still firm to bite, approximately 25 minutes. Stir in the butter, shrimp, Parmesan cheese and parsley. Season with salt & pepper.
Standard airbags include the acura legend seats along with decent work ethics in corners, but for a so-called premium sports sedan, drivers have the 1986 acura legend of taking off on a par with performance sedan competitors. For 2010, six exterior colors are available and a stable feel at higher speeds. The RL's shape is taut and athletic, and its fish-eye lens makes it hard to judge distances. So backing up the 1986 acura legend is unmistakably Acura. In fact, it is pretty much identical. So which one's the 1986 acura legend, regarding THE problem: it all depends on how you drive. If you are launching the 1986 acura legend new boundaries need not be conquered. On the acura legend hood new TSX keeps its great qualities while improving engine output and dashboard ergonomics. It is now associated with some of this stuff to the acura legend coolant can shift up to the acura legend wheels and Acura has a problem that tarnishes the 1986 acura legend is one of a supermodel. The performance of the Super Handling All-Wheel Drive technology that was introduced with the acura legend review and therefore, not to mention logically, shares a good number of its power to the 1986 acura legend a sophisticated approach to design. Multiple angles and ridges combine to produce the 1986 acura legend from which to discharge driving duties. An expansive front windscreen enhances forward visibility.
hi guy its me etchi hope your all enjoying the new look to helloprojecrxtreme, just wanted to thank all you guys for following here and over on the facebook page too, theres lots of different things going on on the facebook page so please visit there if you havent already done so, you may enjoy it there as theres a nice comunity feel there.
Beyond providing a dark portal to supernatural realms and stiffening ill-thought out fashion accessories, bluebells are a sign of ancient forests. Since they outcompete other woodland plants when beneath dense shade, a large vibrant colony of bluebells indicates that the forest has stood for a long time. Magnificent bluebell displays are rare in the new world unless you find a place which had dedicated and visionary gardeners a lifetime ago.
What the.. she is fully hectic and totally a heretic /
Levon
- First I deposit garbage, then I’ll go to Home Depot to get a new pot for my plant, on my way back I’ll stop at Rossmans to get vegetables, then go to that Spanish meat place on 5th avenue to get chicken legs.
Plus there is a quality of deep and peaty footballing obsession t hat extends right to the ends of his frazzled bouffant.
As one moves from locality or state, a person may be required to present their birth certificate to prove identity; this becomes an issue when the gender marker or sex-identifier on the birth certificate is different from that on the state identification. New York State has a specific process for amending the gender or sex-identifier on a state ID or driver’s license, but individuals moving from New York State to another state may encounter difficulty if their birth certificate is also required to receive a state ID there. Additionally, many employers require access to an individual’s birth certificate to apply for health insurance, and transgender individuals may not want their employer to know about their biological sex or medical/surgical history.
Hi Everybody!!!
Customer: "Just one red one."
Let’s face it … this week has been a difficult week, and to put it quite bluntly, I am not feeling very inspired.
PS Have an Amazing Palm Sunday.
Fresh coconut 1 tbsp
* Foie Gras!!
I usually hate mustard. I winch a little when I see someone eating a hot dog with a quart of mustard smothered all over it - even a little of that yellow-paste-of-the-devil on a hamburger bothers me. It's just not my thing. However, I always keep a bottle of dijon in the fridge for cooking. Adding a little bit of that crazy dijon to some recipes provides such a little, but lovely, zing to the flavor of the dish. Crazy, but true. I can still taste the dijon's actual 'mustardiness' but it's not enough to turn me away. And as we know, for me, it doesn't take much.
To catch the real meaning of the spirit of Christmas,...
It isn't often that I come across a book that I feel is truly unique and unlike anything I've ever read before. They are out there though and Hourglass just happens to be one of them. In this story I'm presented with people who not just have what at first appear to be paranormal abilities, but there are also scientific explanations behind them. Throw in some time travel for good measure and you get a harmonious combination of sci-fi and paranormal elements. There was a consistent level of mystery and suspense throughout the entire book as well as background information and important details being revealed at well-timed intervals so as to further the plot without making it drag. Also included were some excellent twists, a couple of which I saw coming, the thing with Cat, and a few others I so totally didn't, the thing with Jack and with Michael.
cosmetic counter like Bare Minerals, and ask for a sample of something. Those tiny plastic containers they give
To start the ball rolling, I think we can do no better than to look at out cousins across the Atlantic, and in particular to a long-running battle in the United States unfolding over the Obama-Care package.
High hopes, high hopes.
I have decided I need a new camera. My old Fuji seems to have died after number of years of excellent service. It was ‘only’ 8megapixels, but I got loads of really good shots with it. I am most likely camping/beaching with my friends this summer, so I’ll need one by then.
Quotes from Hunted by Cheryl Rainfield "It won’t always be like this, honey. Someday, we won’t have to run. Someday, we’ll have rights, just like every other citizen. Every Normal.”
I have to admit...yellow is not one of my favorite colors. GASP!! But I also have to admit that this layout is one of my favorites that I've ever made. And it wasn't even for me! The picture of my friend's little girl just begged to be scrapped with Blissful and I was thrilled with the way it turned out.
Jim, who won twenty games in 1974 and would win twenty-one games in 1975, won his last seven games to close out the 1974 season. Kitty won his first five games to start the 1975 season, before running into the deflating Orioles.
Ignoring now
head down,
I NEED to be spanked. I desperately crave having swats to my ass. I physically feel the need for the pain.
So in case you missed it, Monday was FourSquare Day. A day of celebration for social media geeks who document their whereabouts on a regular basis and share their experiences, thoughts and tips with the rest of the internet world.
The opening of Thomas Pink Hyde Park is expected to be followed by more store openings in South Africa in the near future. This will further augment the group’s portfolio, which currently includes flagship stores in London’s famous Jermyn Street; Madison Avenue, New York; and Rue Francois Premier, Paris. There are more than 90 Thomas Pink stores around the world, including in the USA, France, Mexico, Dubai, Hong Kong, Australia, China and Canada.
Schulman
Why cards?
Because, of course, you'll die of malnutrition. But you'll keep doing it, and doing it, like a rat with a way to self-administer cocaine. Giving up carbs is really hard to do. Even before I was sick, I'd get the shakes, and intense cravings. Then there are the visual cues, which are constant. As somebody in marketing and advertising, I know just how helpless we can be in the face of $5.99 single-topping pizza specials, particularly when you're exhausted after work, haven't eaten in six hours, and are faced with the prospect of an hour's cooking time before food ingestion.
Their marriage only last two years for Tracy and my dad but she has remained my step mom forever.The divorce between them was messy and I was not allowed to speak to Tracy or her daughter for about two years. My dad and I were homeless and living in a hotel before he finally allowed me to move back in with Tracy and Jillian, I was 15. The day I moved in I made the decision I would not leave there again. And, my mom, dad and Tracy came to an agreement that I would be allowed to stay in Tracy’s home, which I did until I was 19.
Moira’s light touch on my arm bade me remain in place as she stepped forward at Finn’s offering of milk and spilled the creamy substance from a cup I was unaware she held. The offering spent and cup empty, she stepped back to my side, still holding the cup reverently in both hands. The cup, a short stemmed goblet, was not ornately decorated. Tracings of Celtic patterns at the rim and base were the sole decorations on the sterling silver vessel.
Sites affected by this change might not be easily recognizable as spamming without deep analysis or expertise, but the common thread is that these sites are doing much more than white hat SEO; we believe they are engaging in webspam tactics to manipulate search engine rankings.
3/21/12 – New York, NY @ Spike Hill
“We can’t stand by and do nothing as US companies are hemorrhaging from the cyber looting coming from nation states like China and Russia,” said Rogers, co-sponsor of the bill along with Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger (D-Md.). “America will be a little safer and our economy better protected from foreign cyber predators with this legislation. I commend the bipartisan effort on this bill. And I thank Ranking Member Ruppersberger for his leadership in getting 42 Democrats to join this important legislation. I encourage the Senate to take up the bill soon so we can move it to the president’s desk.”
Indeed, our new VIP Services program provides everything a traditional publisher can offer. We launched the program to help authors gain more control over their own publishing process and recruited an experienced team of professionals with traditional and bestseller experience to lead the way. We’re extremely honored that Mr. Wideman decided to use Lulu for Briefs and that our VIP Services are part of his journey.
Last night, I went out for a couple of drinks with my best friend and I found myself discussing the blog and relating it to mutual friends; how many of our friends had become grumpy due to love, it seemed that the majority of our group had become cynical; they’d stopped believing in the one. And there seemed to be a pattern in the lead up to their being renamed Grumpy. That leads to the question: When we are heartbroken by another person do we ever truly heal? Is jadedness not due to desensitization, but due to the scars left behind from the wounds? I then started to think about the healing process once a relationship has ended and noticed that there is a pattern to behaviour before we can really embark on healing and moving on.
As the fear of witches and witchcraft increased, the Catholic Church extended its definition of witchcraft to include anyone with the knowledge of herbs. It was alleged that these people had pact with the Devil either “explicit or implicit”.
Here is an update on the bedroom. Remember when I was having trouble with sticky paint? I thought that putting a coat of Varathane might help. I was wrong! I have one more thing to try, then I will officially cry. I'll keep you posted. Thank you to all of you for your tips and empathy:)
Subtract a quarter inch at each seam for each piece of fabric. There are four seams and two pieces of fabric losing a quarter inch at each seam.
Maybe this is the fundament of why I go on exploring language and literature. In the written and spoken word I find the signposts that guide me through life’s maze. Language is my oxygen.
Thanks a million to Carol, Deborah, Isabel, Kathleen, Kristi, Melinda, Missi, Nicci, Polly, and Teka for sharing their ideas.
Remember kids, “Justice that love gives is a surrender; Justice that law gives is a punishment.”
That’s the other thing about listening to the gut; you don’t just pay attention, you do something about it. And that’s not hard once you do it. That’s all. Nothing else complex about it. (I recommend cultivating the skill. Life saver!)
The perception of brown-eyed men as more dominant is thus due to their more masculine facial appearance—and not to their brown eyes. The authors suggest that some kind of sex linkage may be responsible, while adding: “Repeating this study in other populations with polymorphism in eye color can test this hypothesis.”
Good for planning a trip involving several people, and similar things.
Tony headed towards the casino, where he took a gaming class to brush up on his table game skills, then met me for shuffleboard on the Promenade deck. It was a very interesting game. The boat's rolling made it hard to figure out where the disks were going. Shots that I aimed towards the left side of the court sometimes went true, and sometimes ended up on the right. After our match was over, I went to one of the ship's lounges where a walking art tour of some of the artwork on the ship was gathering. While I was waiting for the tour to start, a woman from my gym walked in!
Nigar khan came to limelight in India after her music video of ‘Charhti Jawani’.
I hope you reading this with as much love and graditude that is in my heart, as it is over flowing ! :) - Any ding dings in you heart? Love Letter Nation would LOVE to hear from you (FB- LLN today!) ! That's our food :)
11 until
I say this is a solitary life because the largest percentage of folks I know simply do not understand. Do not understand why I would want this when it is so different from the life that they so enjoy full of things that are supposed to make their life better. But from where I'm standing it looks like a whole lot of smoke and mirrors. Perhaps it's a beautiful house that somehow makes them feel important or like they have overcome something back in the recesses of their memory. But to me it looks like a monthly mortgage payment that is so big I could pay all my monthly bills with and still have money left over. I'm sure they would turn their nose up at my little clapboard house and say it's fine for someone else but they just couldn't live there. But to me, it's such a beautiful thing because it is mine - 100% lock, stock, and barrel paid for in cash. Truth be told, they don't own their mansion. Much the other way around. They are owned by it - and by the bank. I guess I don't understand them any better than they understand me. I would much rather be free.
As usual the winner was chosen by Mr. Random.org
A couple of soft duffle bags will fit in the boot with the back seat up; there’s much more space with the seat folded, of course. And as you can see, the seatbacks fold nearly flat.
It is a handy store for crafty bits and bobs eg ball of wool,needles, hooks, pens, pencils etc. whilst you are working.
So, maybe it’s time to work through this, publicly. For me, there’s always been a balance between the “good times” side of better beer and the thoughtful embrace of better beer as a doctrine. For me, blind allegiance to any system of thought is to be avoided, and constant re-examination merited. Shouldn’t this rigor be applied to beer, too, and to my place (and my company’s place) in it?
The very worst moments are when I really have no idea what to write about, and those do happen. I’ll sit at my desk banging my head against a hot cup of coffee, but I know what I should do: either go for a long walk, or turn on the news.
III. I did have a compelling vision–a vision of what could be.
I guess I still find it embarrassing to confess to having feelings at times. I got rejected a lot as a kid and often it takes time for me to open up. Especially with men, or people I look up to. My first instinct if I like (like is a nice way of saying “am in love with”, because that’s just way too cringy, although sometimes it is just like) someone is to stick my nose in the air and look at anything but him. It’s not a very good way of showing you care, but because I thought in the past that people didn’t want me to care, I tend to still sometimes avoid giving of myself emotionally. Giving of yourself emotionally is not necessarily flirting, hugging, kissing, or telling someone you adore them for whatever reason…I’m rather good at all of that most of the time. It’s staying present to the feeling of love, or care, no matter what you do that’s real a sign of you giving of yourself emotionally. I know I’ve gotten a lot better with staying present to people with the years, but I’m not necessarily 100% there and open with them…and that bugs me.
Carl
This means restarting the relationship on new and different terms.
This was a follow up to last years two day Cognitive Edge and storytelling based training workshop. This time we worked through a practical example of message mapping, looked at TRIZ with the particular emphasis on business metaphor and a practical demonstration of the Argenta three diamond approach to problem solving. I have just recently joined Argenta as an associate so this was a good opportunity to fully familiarise myself with the use of methods outside a more engineering perspective.
She said it will take her a few days to compile the information (understandable) and that it would be a rather large packet (fine with me). Funny, she told me that there were some payments made with a Visa card and that they provided a checking account that the thief claimed to be in my name. Great. Fucking great. If it is, in fact, in my name, then this asshole has a bank account opened in my name too.
To the beating of djembes executed “live” by five
Bardamu continues:
But South Africa proved worrying and we made our escape.
I see anger and frustration
We suggest that the increasing availability of information and support for transgender individuals (e.g., growth of the internet) has been a major influence in such shifts. In addition, transgender mental health professionals have made efforts to reduce the barriers imposed by the screening process that occurs prior transition and to make this process more client focused.
Sir John Chilcot: We shall break there for lunch….
There is talk around the web that SDN will spell the end for special network hardwar companies like Cisco as well as eliminate the jobs of network operators. While entirely possible, such an event is not going to happen overnight. Cisco is not likely to give up without a fight, and at this point it still has a chance to react and adapt to this new technology. The reduction in network operator IT positions is possible as well but this virtualization technology is going to open up its own field of study as well, which should lead to positions maintaining SDN. Especially while software defined networking is still a new technology, businesses are going to need their IT personnel.
This is totally something I can see myself doing, and I only have 3 kids right now. I don't know how you keep everyone's schedules straight with 6 children and a husband to keep track of. Do you have an organizer you'd receommend? Of course my problem would be actually using it once I bought it.
Look at how divine these are!
If I ever win the lottery - the big one, with $50 million or something like that - I will take care of my family, donate a large portion to charity, and then hit up Cucina Moderna. They have the most luxurious kitchen products imaginable. Most have price tags that will curl your hair. Some though are downright reasonable, like this very stylish jar opener. I cannot stand the contortions I have to go through sometimes to open jars; running it under hot water, turning it upside down and banging on it, wedging it in the doorframe... only to finally concede defeat and ask my husband to open it for me. So much better to have this handy tool in the drawer.
2. Post the rules on the blog.
Phil Ford: Sarah Jane was my Companion as a kid. To later know Lis and write for her and share a laugh with her was a privilege.
However, I did find Dave's attitude to be a bit on the harsh side for this interview. So be forewarned. He didn't enter into this with an incredible amount of compassion for families trying to adopt a child. It appeared he aimed the interview at couples who just wanted to adopt to do something "good for the world." He didn't seem to consider the fact that many couples are adopting because of childlessness.
Bang Bang Machine fall into that category of bands that are remembered predominantly for one song. Geek Love is a good song but I think that it is revered much more than it deserves. Their debut album Eternal Happiness will be under the spotlight.
Theme: Apples
Organizing is all over BLOGLAND this month, and I've determined to spend time getting my house in order instead of computer-ing.
Posted as a guest blog on mothering.com 5/4/12
100 years on, and MP is one of the New Greatest Wonders of the World which receives around half a million visitors a year. Such a discovery surely deserves a prolonged celebration?
Great news in that Big Mama played in a reserve game this afternoon at Notts Forest where we won 2-1, with Big Mama assisiting in both goals. He may make the bench for the Swansea game at the weekend.
That, however, is a big "if." To make matters worse, the mutliverse explanation is not the sort of thing "we observe in the natural world." Near the end of his article Lightman writes:
Now it is time to sit quite, face to face with thee, and to sing
It’s not destined to be
Our early thirties was a period when H and I spent many a Sunday afternoon engrossed in conversation on Hampstead Heath or encased in the inviting darkness of a North London cinema. I've lost count the number of movies we've seen together. I don't want to picture the mountainous heap of sweet pop corn that got scoffed. Actually H never really ate pop corn, she always used to smuggle in a packet, or three, of Mintolas. I've no idea where she purchased them from. I still haven't located anywhere in London that stocks them.
And you to you lord of the earth.
This leaves me dependent on the tools and craft of the dentist to fix up the damage. Well, I reckon they're doing a fine job. I still have all my teeth, patched up as they are. I don't think my 18th century counterpart would have been so lucky. Nor my third-world counterpart. The public health service is providing me with the wonderful service of these skilled workers and the benefits of high technological standards, in this case without a ridiculous waiting list to get through, and as a pensioner, I only had to pay a contribution of $25 for today's appointment. I am so thankful for our public health services.
Food Tip #2: Make sure to puree each food separately…babies like individual tastes at first…too many combos can be confusing and unsatisfying!
The ad industry grew up, the marketing industry grew up, our creative people grew up, and our clients grew up. We came to understand that advertising's power was limited and contingent. We came to understand that a lot of advertising was wasteful and inefficient. We learned that television was not a miracle and advertising was not magic.
She had fallen asleep a whopping 30 minutes before the crew came to shoot so she got to wake up to complete strangers checking out her room. She did excellent - woke up happy and willing to please. I suppose it didn't hurt that grandma was there to talk to her and bribe her with gum...
I'm thinking that the panties and Magnesium might come in handy for particularly stressful days at work period, headache or no... (just sayin').
standing still in the mist
Ernane Rabelo, Universidade Federal de Viçosa. Information Behavior and News Evocation: The Case of Mass Communication Students
Please Report to the Nickname Office
I have been having a really wonderful time being inspired by this amazing spring weather, & I look forward to showing you all some new art through the next days:)
I do not think the Romney has a realistic chance to win, unless the economy turns back down. If that happens, Romney will be able to use the unpopularity of the Obama health care plan to good advantage. But if the economy picks up, it is hopeless for Romney. He is a weak candidate, and he will not have enough money to win.
experienced. The alternating of amazing sessions with life‐changing realizations, with an intense and free communication exchange and plenty of laughter with Marty out of session, has truly given me a renewed purpose, a new viewpoint, a new attitude, a new me.
on the plus side, the ridiculously cute dog loves me the most because i freed her from the holly bush when she got alllllll tangled up in that last night and the neighbor was giving us the side-eye for, i dunno, making the dog sit in a bush? come on, dude. the dog smelled something good, and went into the greenery, and came back out having wrapped the leash ALLLLL up in the branches and she isn’t too bright sooooo i had to wrap a blanket around myself and go free her. we aren’t being mean to the dog. she just cannot find her way out of a paper bag.
I always spend part of Monday building background knowledge and gearing kids up for the story. Most of my kids know what it means to invent, so it was time to dig deeper.
And then the passion fruit ceviche appeared and I ascended into heaven. Delicate pieces of sea bass were cured in a passion fruit and lime potion for a zesty yet sweet taste that I can only describe as other worldly. It really doesn't get much better than that. Then I glanced at the paper that held the chips.
Yes, I’m happy.
Tony Mack - Robert Pugh
Today the range of trade jobs has expanded quite a bit with the proliferation of high-tech in medicine, mining, and everywhere else work takes place. All that high-tech gear needs to be set up, operated, and kept in working order. At the same time, there is still opportunity in traditional lower-tech trades, like forestry or landscaping.
Participation is free of charge and there is no age limit or any other restriction. Your work can be submitted online.
Those are four simple questions that are going to have some complex analysis applied to them. I’m not going way into the weeds with this one but my goal here is to get you to think in an analytical manner when looking at your threat.
The Publishing Paradigm has changed. Drastically. And It will continue to evolve now. It will continue to grow. And simply put, if the Big 6 and the agents refuse to read the writing on the wall, they too will find themselves fighting for every client.
A nation is therefore a large-scale solidarity, constituted by the feeling of the sacrifices that one has made in the past and of those that one is prepared to make in the future. It presupposes a past; it is summarized, however, in the present by a tangible fact, namely, consent, the clearly expressed desire to continue a common life. A nation's existence is, if you will pardon the metaphor, a daily plebiscite, just as an individual's existence is a perpetual affirmation of life. That, I know full well, is less metaphysical than divine right and less brutal than so called historical right.That accepted continuum argument would seem to hold water well; the social capital, the bonds that hold Scotland as a nation, only exists with the consent of the people. The folk memories and the common aspiration of the people of Scotland are what makes Scotland, the zeitgeist of modern Scotland holds Scotland of the past and Scotland of the future in its hands. The commonality of those who belong to Scotland now is what Scotland is and their joint aspiration will be what determines her future. Where you came from doesn’t matter half as much as where you want to go.
My brother Steve made an appearance.
After writing and posting this article this morning, I had a “stumble upon” experience, or what I prefer to call a God leading. I saw copy of Time magazine in an office and picked it up. It contained an article about Nones.
- Ian Carr / trumpet, flugelhorn
As the two men enjoy each other's company, bumping into each other repeatedly, we sense that we are being prepared for the real narrative and so it is twenty years later that the two men meet again, in a rail terminus once more, this time London's Liverpool Street Station, and Austerlitz reveals that he has been looking for someone 'to whom he could relate his own story, a story which he had learned only in the last few years and for which he needed the kind of listener I had once been in Antwerp.' This is because Jaques Austerlitz had actually been raised as Dafydd Elias, evacuated from Europe on the Kindertransport and raised by a pastor and his wife in Bala, Wales. It is just before his school exams that he receives the shocking news that the name he must legally write on the papers is not the one by which he has gone for so long, but a name which feels immediately alien.
But as soon as these people (aka “they” aka these 2 face actors/actresses/producers/directors rolling in that mula power and soooo not in the hood. Who’ll pull out guns everywhere like there’s no such thing as police, it’s bad enough the po po target us and shoot us for using our cell phones. They’ll quickly showcase little tini-bopper girls who’s bussin’ slugs at pretty much everyone in sight (according to this very trailer), and then some, no problem at all? Just a point, hope you got it, so get it. I would have NEVER posted this filth if there was NO REAL message involved on my side of course. You think I’m over reacting? Lemme know!
I’m not going to quote When Harry Met Sally; it’s out-dated. Have you seen Meg Ryan lately? So listen up: if you try to be friends with a guy, one of you will end up wanting the other. The only exception is if he knew you in/before high school. In other words, before your nose job or dental braces.
Detail...There are times as I write that I am so anxious to get the story typed out that I don't slow down enough to paint the picture for the reader. My editor helped me with this process tremendously and although I know exactly what I mean, I completely understand the environments I am writing about. I know what everything looks like...I have to remember the reader doesn't. So I have to find the right balance of giving enough information to help them experience the moment without burying them in too much detail.
With police not responding to tip-offs – despite a national crime line initiative – residents fed up with crime say they are left with no option but to take the law into their hands.
I now have a clear shop section where you can find all my current work for sale, as well as a better view of my categories of work. I hope you like it!
Some busy days have just passed, finally today I'm on Heaster holidays but I caught a flu T_T" I'm so unlucky
Half-Life 2
I spent yesterday evening with my sister, and it was the first time she'd been to my new apartment. She loves the place, and is so excited for me because it's the first time I am living completely alone. We started to discuss the feeling this experience brings, and both of us were having trouble putting our fingers on it. I saw this as a challenge, and possibly a great blog topic...
I’ve been seeking out a personal trainer and I met with one today that got me really excited. (Hey! There’s something I couldn’t do unless I had this job!) She is also a nutritionist so I think she could be really good for me. I’m meeting with her on Monday morning (before work!) to do an assessment of my mobility and if we hit it off I’ll probably be joining some small group training classes before work at least two days a week. Oh! I’m also trying boxing for the first time on Friday! Like, legit boxing. I’m a little nervous, but mostly excited.
What makes this recipe flavorful, and occasionally time-consuming, is the swirl of fruits and vegetables in the batter. A Cuisinart makes quick work of all the slicing and dicing, but while convenient, the appliance is not required. Once on vacation I shredded the carrots and apples by hand on a cheese grater. An hour later, you could really taste the love in that batch.
I'll just start at The Bar.
'She understands me'.
Sanofi-Aventis 19
Dennis Lehane is also the guest of honor at this year's Sleuthfest, and the following is an interview they did with him:
4) To build links with Palestinian universities.
I don’t know where my self-publishing is going to go (if anywhere). I mean, there’s every possibility that I can practice and hone and practice and hone until I’m finally writing really well, and elucidating what I want to say, and all the rest – and the reality will be that nobody will care at all! Some of this is so subjective, and there’s no way around that. Not to mention that I’m starting out behind the curve with this whole “starting over” proposition. I mean, I’ve had lots of free downloads of my work. How does one deal with re-doing/re-vamping/re-framing work that has already been out there (and not always at “free”??) I have no idea.
No real travel this springtime besides offshore to GET THAT OIL. Looking forward to a Caribbean cruise in June which will actually leave from Baltimore. Which means I will certainly hit Beck and Brickskeller before and maybe after the cruise. Holla.
The cow had been only three weeks away from her due date, so we quickly attempted a c-section. We didn't have any equipment except for a utility knife, but that would prove to be good enough. My dad made the incisions, our two farmhands and I pulled, and in a matter of minutes we were loading a living, breathing calf into the back of the pickup truck. We got it back to the dairy, cleaned it up, laid it in a bed of hay, and fed it a half-gallon of colostrum milk. By the time we finished working today, it was doing as well as we would expect any newborn calf to be doing.
The first thing I do is peel 2 garlic cloves and place them on a piece of heavy duty tin foil. Heavy duty tin foil is essential or put the tin foil on a tray. The last thing you want is olive oil leaking out all over you oven. Next drizzle the garlic cloves with some olive oil (about 2 tsp). Finally sprinkle the olive oil with about 1/2 tsp. of salt. Then form the tin foil into a ball being careful to seal in the garlic and olive oil. I like to roast mine in the toaster oven so that I do not have to heat up my oven. Either way, roast the garlic at 375 for about 13-15 minutes or until it is golden brown. You have now done most of the work to making hummus. The rest is so simple and fast to whip up.
Lim was alleged to have said: “Penang was number one last year in terms of cutting crime by 27 per cent. For the first six months… also cut crime by another 25 per cent. Whereas in Johor, a Singaporean is likely to get kidnapped. Won’t have that problem when you come to Penang.”
This weekend we went to Cascade Mountain, a really amazing ski resort. We arrived Saturday morning and skied the whole day. My neck is really sore from all the fun!! We stayed overnight at a hotel and ate breakfast there. Now we are all back home. I did all but one of the green hills (easiest), two blue hills (harder), and 1 black diamond (hardest). I ended up getting stuck and having to scoot down one of the blue hills on my bottom. It was really funny. How was your weekends?
I hear a voice
I got up, put the running garb on and stepped outside. Into 34 degree windy weather. Geez, just yesterday afternoon it was in the 70s. The HIGH 70s! Today was supposed to get into the mid to high 60s, but 34 degrees? Really?!
The News Link:
he can get his eyes di-a-lated and
who cursed at your heat,
I will also say that blogging has forced me to rethink lessons, try harder, and become inspired to express my creativity...something that was beginning to get lost these last two years. Creativity was at a high for me when I taught 1st...I'm glad that this blog has helped me find it again.
Everyone did such a great job and we're really looking forward to seeing what you do with Arlana's Sketch.
Enjoy and get ready for "Revolutions Per Minute", it drops in March...
When Tim Owens’ book became available via the Tyndale House Blogger Review program, I had to get it. Its title, ‘The Search Committee,” caught my attention as I had an idea of what it would be about. I was not disappointed. And it was about more than I expected with an ending (that you will have to read for yourself) that I did not see coming.
Awesome experience, and awesome class.
This led to nights of crying in bed, coming to terms with the fact that I live in a world where someone decided that in our lifetime we must go to school to be successful. Now this is where I really have to wonder how it came to be that with this beautiful world, where every person has one shot at living on it and experiencing it, how does someone feel like they have the authority to decide what will be the acceptable society? Who decided, out of all the paths life could have taken, that we must go to school for the first quarter or so of our lives, that we must do this in order to be accepted in society as productive and intelligent? And why did everyone agree to it?
Anticipated Attendance: 10,000
Instructions 2, 4 and 6 are related. Number 2 says, "Mark your ballot in secret. No one should help you unless you are blind, disabled or unable to read or write." This one annoyed me. I called my wife into the room.
What then is a response to the increasing marginalisation of the church in the West?
These are the albums that make me love life.
Me: "What??? A brown, green and tan Easter bunny???"
I've wanted to do something Dr Who'ish with the old police telephone box, so I've just inked up this tag, added the words with some mini letter stamps I have and there we have an ideal Dr Who party invite !
I am sorry, curly hair, for hiding you for all of grade five and six by forcing you into lopsided buns or wrist-thick braids.
The Son cannot do anything on his own, but only what he sees the Father doing.
So we went to State College yesterday to visit the Arts Fest and People's Choice Festival (in Boalsburg) and so there had to be the requisite stop at Otto's for a bite and pint. I enjoyed the Munich Dunkel and a pint of Arthur's Best Bitter, and held back from getting some 2009 Jolly Roger. I was disappointed to see the Triple D IPA gone from the menu, and hope it'll come back again for me to try.
She says that Michael is the only one who makes her body weak
When you were buying your first home, what was the criteria that you stuck with?
These thoughts can let us accept people and situations as they are and focus more on what we can do in a given situation. We can then stop wasting our energy in complaining and holding others responsible for our misery. It enables powerful self-responsibility in all situations come what may, yet its all so simple and easy. Here is how you could change your language. First step is to catch yourself using ‘victim’ or ‘blame’ statements and then to change them in your own mind at the least. As you keep doing this, your language in your communication will begin to be automatically empowered instead of blaming.
The UniWorld Group, one of the nation’s oldest and largest African-American owned advertising agencies, has announced today that its founder and CEO, Byron E. Lewis, is retiring and has sold his majority ownership stake of the firm to UWG Senior Vice President of Brand Integration, Monique L. Nelson. WPP will continue to own 49% of the agency’s shares.
I hope you all had a lovely, productive weekend.
Such a remarkable person, and such a profound message!
Instead of Milky Ways, why doesn’t he order Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. They at least have protein in them.
It's not quite finished yet, but we do have a functioning kitchen put together mostly with stuff we already had but it all looks new because it’s in a different combination, there’s room to add more storage if we need it but right now we’re enjoying all the lovely spaces between lumps of furniture.
I wanted to face her/talk to her personally but we had no time and we needed to escape and it was too risky, and so I started shooting her with my gun while she was not looking; and someone else on my team started shooting her as well, and then we either ran and/or we ran closer to make sure that she was dead.
nor beat myself up if I don't get to accomplish them.
As far as your personality goes, you are still ALL over the place. We love your adventurous spirit, your independent flair, and your outgoing personality. The best compliment we got was from a friend, telling us that you will definitely be a future homecoming queen. We see a very sweet, kind little girl, who has a larger than life personality, and we could not be more proud of how you are developing. This love for you continues to fill our hearts.
and now that door is wide shut.
Can a smart phone be its own guardian angel? Can it keep an eye out for itself? And tell you where it is, when you don’t even know yourself?
I know this brutal live document has some uploads in the blog-sphere already, but this is quite 'different'. The best thing about blogs is enclosed in just one word and that is "communication". I learned MANY things through the years from other people's spaces, had the time to 'correct' and 'sift' things that i had on my mind in a blurry situation and make friends as good as the 'real ones', everyone have in real life. Me and JP are working for quite long on a new WAX CD project. Some things made us hold up the whole 'disquisition' (haha, yeh right!) but in the whole process some sparks got up. Anyway, hopefully in a few days we will be able to present you this new essay. So, partners are made from the same clothe, and in a one way or another sway each-other. And one of my 'influences' on him are my beloved Count Bishops! Jean Philippe started diggin' for records like this one and got up with a Jap version i never had and probably in this cursed country that i live, never find, at least in a reasonable price! The sound on this classic by now LIVE 10" (i know it was out on 12" format also) is raw and at the same time smooth. The way women like their men (right babe?), haha. Along with "Speedball" this is my fave Bishops record. It got me some time to habituate "new" singer, Dave Tice but on this all band members swing and sweat! Gosh, I'm sure these fuckers torched every single bar dared to book them! I wish a video tape resurrect sometime with Bishops doing their thing!
We knew we didn't want handles in a finish that didn't match the ORB, but black handles on a black vanity were just too much... so it was time to think outside of the box. Since I wanted to incorporate somewhat of a nautical/oceany feel, I immediately thought of rope. I love those little rope knot pulls that can double as door pulls...
He also loves bath time. He splashes so much that he gets me and the entire bathroom soaking wet. Then, he will try to chase the water down the drain as the tub empties.
process in which seniors in high school go through in America (career
And, who knows, maybe somebody will figure out how to make these magic roadways show films. The face of Cary Grant, shining upward from a freeway in Montana.
If you are plus size women, you would surely curse your figure as and when the dress choices become limited. But there is no need to worry as you can help yourself if you have good dressing sense. The dress related would spring up amongst girls as the prom 2010 is nearing. And especially for plus size girls, it is actually a nerve wrecking process to pick the best prom dress that would accentuate their figure.
Kim and I took a short walk break though the next water station because we were both starting to flag. Another surprise sighting of my parents at mile 11 gave me a much needed energy boost but that mile felt incredibly long. I distracted myself by looking at the spectators' signs. "Gas is $4.30. Keep running. It's cheaper." read one. "You're doing Moovelous" said another held by a woman dressed in a cow suit.
Austin Sharp (1886-1956), son of Milo and Lilly Sharp.
When Cayla was diagnosed with cerebral palsy I searched for information everywhere and wanted to know as much as possible. After a while I realised that there was a lot of general information and that every child is so different to another. Even the ones with the same diagnose. For example, a girl that I met through the centre (TCCP) has a daughter with left hemiplegia just like Cayla but she hasn’t got any problems with her speech. On the other hand she has got epilepsy which Cayla hasn’t. I really wanted to meet someone with an older child with hemiplegia to see how that child was doing today but I now know that it doesn’t really matter since they are all so different.
He invited me to take a chair and then excused himself to get fresh lemonade and cookies. The parlor was filled with books and clocks. Alfred had an obsession with clocks: on the table I saw numerous clocks in various states of repair. When he had returned he had given me a photocopy of a piece by Paul Valéry’s in which Valéry discussed “the given line” (une ligne donnée), which is defined as “the line that is ‘given’ to the poet by God, or by nature, or by a muse, or by some power outside himself,” and I listened to Alfred talk briefly about the importance of revision. This conversation in turn led to the two of us to talk about poetry.
but picturing him hooked up to tubes and needles again crushed me.
In at least one of her past lives, I’m quite certain Addison was a serious, ass-kicking monarch. Like Cleopatra — powerful, idolized and obeyed. There was no one yanking her chain, incessantly attempting to enforce strange and unreasonable mandates like an 8:00 PM bedtime or three more brussel sprouts. And there was undoutedly no one who dared raise their voice in defiance or disagreement. Bottom line, in her last life, Addison was in control. She knew it. Her subjects knew it. And all those dudes trying to move in on her stash of coal eyeliner definitely knew it. Addison was a Hellenistic rock star. Full stop. Move on, people.
Shifting sands in the wind can both expose and cover up what we see ahead. I see the debate on whether the gatekeepers of publishing should sit at the same poker table as the ebook and self-publishing ‘riff-raff’ in the same way. When I say gatekeepers, I mean mainstream publishers and literary agencies.
We’ve been getting plenty of rain over the past two days, which means we don’t have to go out and water our new plants. But the 4 o’clock update to the weather forecast is now calling for snow and an overnight low right around freezing, so we’ve just spent an hour or so putting a breathable “igloo blanket” over all the new plants (except for the really tall ones, where tomato cages and large plastic bags will have to do the trick).
to be true. And he
Below is a quote made by a spokesperson for the Sri Lankan Tamils being held in Indonesia and reported by Australia's ABC news.
Pours a deep coppery brown with a decent tan head that is small celled and goes quickly.
The wind is blowing HARD today.....second day in a row of it here in West Texas! But, it is March, after all. What else would we expect???
Really, out of all the words in the English language I strung together in this situation, "It was in my pocket?!" Ugh, #wordvomit
So this list......seems long. So I will be praying that God will open my heart to HIS and give me posts about them to share with you. There is a lot swirling around in this head, and I hope that it can uplift you! To help you find JOY in whatever situation you are in right now.
So, I had to use my imagination.
Well, we’re a week down and I’m still going strong! Day 8 is “sun”. Today was a strange day in which it was stifling hot… and then went into intense monsoon weather. This photo was taken from my car window as I got back to work, driving over flooded roads. Not fun.
So here I am sitting in class wondering what my next post should be about. It’s been kind of hard staying away from sports which is my new goal for the week. As I was struggling one annoying outburst followed by a few more from the same person in this lecture hall sparked this post.
really and truly are the best! I thank you all for
There are even peel-and-stick options available for a super cheap and easy way to go.
Machine Used: Boss Kut Gazelle
So perhaps the other force at work here is the aforementioned recession, particularly the short-term shocks of September and October. Advertising is essential to marketing your product or service, but marketing isn't necessary in the short term if you don't have anything new to offer and you're struggling to make payroll and loan payments. Perhaps the major reason we saw so many "thank you signs" in the past two months was because of the drop-off in advertising demand. Faced with lackluster interest, it makes sense that these companies would rather replace their previous advertisers (whose contracts had run out) with something than leave their ad space blank or unchanged. If you're looking for something to fill a space, then maybe the logic of branding or "thank you" applies.
“Yessssssssss”
I liked the taste of the steak enough to ordered it some more. At the same time, the steak is a bit more tough/chewy than I hoped. Given the price (of $14.95 for the all-you-can-eat lunch), I am ok with the flavour of the steak even it is a bit chewy.
I changed the sentiment section for the bell & then used a sentiment where Susan had made a place for embellies. That is what I love about sketches it is up to your interpretation.
A Christmas Tale
3) Find some ways to hook into the product.
Which also wasn't awesome and still just a bit too hard. But oh well because I sure as shit wasn't untwisting all those lip balm tubes again.
Are you a homeowner in need of irrigation guidance? Are you an irrigation contractor that needs more information on new irrigation technology? Learn about irrigation
The hitcher watches, sees the grief of a 72 year old woman upon the death of her 97 year old mother, who had died slowly of cancer. And yet still was not prepared to be without her mom. The hitcher went to the kitchen, washed up a bit, put on the kettle, made tea, fed the cats. Venturing into the courtyard she saw some wilting plants, found a can, watered them. Still the dance of grief continued. The voyeur her eyes saw the periphery of the garden and it was bone dry.
I bought this fabric for $6.99 a yard, so this scarf cost me all of $1.50. That's right -- $1.50! I just love it and this morning when I went out to run a few errands I had two strangers stop me to ask where I had bought it. One thing I love about this scarf is that you can encourage it to twist, which is really a cute effect, see...
It's funny a how little thing like a wristlet can simplify your life and make it easier!
There are several experimental surgical procedures: atherectomy, in which the surgeon shaves off and removes strips of plaque from the blocked artery; laser angioplasty, in which a catheter with a laser tip is inserted to burn or break down the plaque; and insertion of a metal coil, called a stent, that can be implanted permanently to keep a blocked artery open.
The Fleur de Lotus collection is an Asia Exclusive collection, though these have been known to make it to international markets sooner or later. The one item that caught my attention was definitely the JC Blush.
Water, 8 bowls
But there are good business reasons to keep using age statements. Whiskey enthusiasts are a small cadre but we buy a lot of whiskey. We like age statements. We know they aren't the only measure of a whiskey's quality or character, and we know older isn't necessarily better, but it's like any other information. Assuming it is factual and reliable, the more information you have about something, the easier it is to make a purchase decision.
Pulling up to the guard window, I handed over my U.S. passport to a thick-necked and balding watchman.
People don't do things like that
My first visit for a while and I opted for old reliable - a pint of the Thwaites Nutty Black. This was a brief visit, chatting to the guy I saw in Shakespeares about football (the results of which I now knew) and beers here in Sheffield. It was nice to slow down and enjoy another dark pint of beer and a chat, but with celebration on my mind I opted to go for a last one in the Cat round the corner....
Homer (our dog) sniffing my bulging belly. Not sure if he could actually sense the baby or if he was hoping that food feel down my shirt and landed on my belly.
Waitrose has got a 25% off offer on all its wines until next Tuesday (28th), a great chance to buy slightly more expensive wine than you might normally feel able to afford. It applies if you buy six bottles in store or a minimum of 12 online. Bottles that would tempt me include (reduced prices in brackets)
The book is about John Smith, the fourth of nine children from a planet called Lorien, who fled to Earth after their planet was attacked by creatures from another planet, the Mogadorians. The nine have to find a way to beat the Mogadorians to get their planet back, but they are young and unprepared, so they need to train seperately. But the Mogadorians know where they are and they track them down one by one to kill them. The first three are dead. John is next. But he’s tired of running and he settles down in a town called Paradise, where, for the first time in his life, he makes friends. But it’s just a matter of time before his secret is revealed and they come for him.
The red-slipped, circle- and punctate-stamped pottery from several sites in the Cagayan Valley in Luzon is most similar to that from the Marianas.
“But we already know each other,” Nikolas groused. Leonard held out his hand. Nikolas stared at it. “What,” he finally asked in a flat tone.
To not continue, in every culture and country of the world, to shoulder a significantly larger portion of household responsibilities related to children, cleaning, cooking, shopping, laundry. Every culture and country. Regardless of other employment status.
My family toured Fort Clatsop right at the time we were studying it at home, which made the whole experience eight bazillion times more exciting. Well, for me, at least. And for you, you know! You get the official tour via pictures. You're welcome.
Now, more confused than ever, I consulted Precious Oldest. She surveyed the choices, looked me square in the eye and said, “Mom, why are you over thinking this? You want yellow walls; you’ve always wanted yellow walls. And I’ve never known to care what anyone else thinks about ANYTHING, why would you start now?”
Certainties and irregularities can't find a home in your singular point of view,
Jenna Talackova, the Miss Universe hopeful from Canada, will appear on 20/20 with Barbara Walters tonight (details here).
I know there are still 6 days left but looking at my diary there doesn't seem to be many blogging gaps left! The trouble when you are finally able to get out into the big wide world after almost 4 months is - you want to do it lots and fill the final week before Christmas up!! As well as the boring essentials - Doctors, opticians and physio theres the exciting things too. Off out tonight with my 2 best friends from school - one I've kept in contact with ever since and one I only got back in contact with this year (the miracle of Facebook). They've not seen each other for over 20 years now. We're off to the pub for drinks and catching up - can't wait :)
You know that I've got to try these!!! How 'bout you?
Savard: Yes.
but today,
I have seen snow-covered mama owls sitting on percolating eggs. How a feather-covered bird can sit in near-zero temperatures with a film of snow around and on her, I can't understand. I am in my home, nice and dry, with central heat blowing at 66 degrees. As I write this, I am wearing a jacket over my long-sleeved shirt. Put me in a nest on a tree limb with only feathers and snow to keep me warm and I tell ya, it wouldn't be pretty.
I have loved mu time with Stretch N Bubbles - and I hope you have enjoyed seeing what the digis can be made into
Cut the chicken into strips 3/4" to 1" wide.
#55 Lea L
Finally, after about ten minutes on the phone with C.J., came the money shot: “Boyland says Montgomery is siding with people who have million-dollar brownstones and want to preserve their exclusive neighborhood instead of looking out for her own constituents.”
When I first washed my hair with these I wasn't bowled over, infact I felt Id made a mistake and I thought myself lucky Id only bought the small sizes! I used it once or twice and disliked it enough to revert back to Herbal Essences as soon as possible!
In 1914, around the time WWI was declared, a group of Boers who had always believed that they had been betrayed by Louis Botha and other leaders who had negotiated peace with the British, rebelled. The rebellion was quelled and the players exorcised from political and social life, many left destitute and without permanent work for the rest of their lives.
Over the last four months or so, as this blog has sketched out the trajectory of empires in general, and then traced the intricate history of America’s empire in particular, I’ve been avoiding a specific issue. That avoidance hasn’t come from any lack of awareness on my part, and if it had been, comments and emails from readers asking when I was going to get around to discussing the issue would have taken care of that in short order. No, it’s simply a natural reluctance to bring up a subject that has to be discussed sooner or later, but is guaranteed to generate far more heat than light.
I am excited to share One for the Murphys here today. In a post later today, Lynda will share her own thoughts reading with her children. The sign of a good book? I want to start buying a copy for many of my friends (Talia, a copy is on it's way to you already!).
for some!
Begin, and cease, and then again begin,
Deployment of the British Army
but a called voice carried
The pleasure is when you can feel the cool mornig and the got afternoon, the light rain and fans fog.
18 - Behemoth - Ceremony of Shiva
all images from american apparel
The feast of the Dedication was then taking place in Jerusalem. It was winter. And Jesus walked about in the temple area on the Portico of Solomon.
The plot of The Avengers is pretty simple – the individual heroes need to be brought together to fight a common enemy. Thor’s brother Loki is hell bent on proving himself and has designs on destroying Earth as we know it with a little help from his army. Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) knows the only hope of containing Loki is to assemble a team of individuals with exceptional powers – the aforementioned characters as well as Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson – last seen in Iron Man 2) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner – last seen in a brief cameo in Thor). However, up to now these heroes have been on their own and most of them have never met each other. Can they be convinced to come together and will they be able to work with each other? And in the case of the Hulk, can he be controlled?
“Kuchi kuchi hota hai” are words that are certain to trail behind you, once you’ve been recognized as Indian, in the Island of the Gods, as the Balinese find India, synonymous with Shahrukh Khan. Be prepared to be called Raj if you’re a guy. Also be prepared to take away part of the Balinese love back home in the form of extra kilos. A copious quantity of it goes into the food that arrives on your plate. The seafood is unbelievably scrumptious with its juicy giant prawns satiated in dripping butter. They have all kinds of cuisine’s and restaurants on the island but the Balinese style of cooking with their own unique mix of herbs and spices is incredibly satisfying.
The missing piece of the puzzle is a way to generate light: the on-chip laser. Semiconductor lasers have been around for years and are widely used in telecommunications gear, laser printers, and DVD players. These lasers are similar to computer chips and they’re small, but not nearly small enough to be used as light sources for optical circuits built into computer chips. For that, you need to make microscopic lasers as part of the chip-making process.
Many people, catdownunder said, assume all authors are rich. This seems laughable to real authors, but if that's the case the only way to persuade them otherwise is to show them why we are not. I suggested in the comments to that post that books should come with a declaration of how much the author was paid as a fee or advance. Then perhaps teachers and others - who get more per month than a writer gets from writing a book - might understand why it matters that we get paid for use of our work. It wasn't an entirely serious suggestion when I made it. But it has become one. Here are some of the fees/advances I've been paid for writing books that are likely to be photocopied in school classrooms. These books were all commissioned in the last two years:
Trade them all for a pack of a gum, sunshine and ravioli (Macaroni)
I come to the garden alone
If you read the title of this post you have probably already guessed which side that I have taken in this argument. Don't worry, I have no intentions of being a snob or belittling the wonderful world of technology and those who revel in it, I simply wish to explain my stance on the subject.
Dionne: there is a room another candidate
“How’s your son who plays the violin?!?!”
4 yours
An action is right if it produces the greatest good for the greatest number and the least pain or sadness.
I went to the Inkwell, part of Mind Leeds, in Chapel Allerton. Had a spot of food, coffee, listened to music and a little light comedy. Suddenly Felt I just had to leave. Had no one to talk to there. Same feeling of wanting to hide away. Didn’t want to look in the eye of anyone there. Just travelled back on 48. No idea why this palpitating keeps coming back. I am threatened by this end. Inkwell maybe does well for those knocking on heavens door. I might be closing in on that, but not yet: not right now.
ROOT ROOT ROOT FOR THE WHITE SOX
1, Cut the pork into large cubes. Turn the burner on medium-high and using a heavy bottom pot to brown the pork. Brown the pork on all sides. *No need to put oil in the pan, start with the fat side down.*
There's clearly a lot of care and attention gone into the book as an object, something you hold in your hands, something tactile, something you'll want to keep and look after. The detailing extends to a subtle bit of embossing on the author's name on the front of the jacket, and even to the endpapers, where there's a nice stone effect instead of the standard flat colour:
Colorado Convention Center, 700 14th Street, Denver, Colorado
The advert in today's Guardian is as much a promotion for the talents of Mr Holland as it is for this revolutionary piece of kit.
Everyone seemed to enjoy themselves, and GO must have had a wonderful time, because she SACKED OUT as soon as I put her in the car for the drive home!
This Thing was the first one that really made me self-conscious about my spot on the generational divide. As someone right on the cusp of the Millennial/Generation X split, I don’t know many people in my age group who don’t have a social media presence of some sort (Facebook came out my senior year of undergrad, but because I was entering Grad School I was able to be an early adopter from that side). I certainly don’t know many people younger than me who don’t have an account on Facebook at the very least. And yet, when I see this Thing repeatedly refer specifically to Facebook as a medium where “young adults” communicate… I thought I felt old when I turned 30 earlier this year, but now I am feeling like a baby again. I may be reading too much into the tone of this one, though.
So what's your favorite drinking song?
One of the best promotional tools any author can use is a personal blog. If you don't have a blog already, set one up. You can use the blog to promote your work, as well as any upcoming work. Link to your sales pages on Amazon from your blog. The higher your blog ranks, the more traffic you will get, and the more referrals are possible for your sales page. You can also write blog posts for Amazon's blog, then link to your book in the signature line. Amazon also has a section of how-to articles on its site. Write an article that is related to the content of your book, then link to it in your signature line.
“If we have enough we should leave it alone. Besides I think that clerk is starting to get suspicious. I think he recognized me from last time. He kept looking at me funny.” Henry starts laughing.
Do something creative each day’ is very much integrated into their teaching philosophy throughout the school and they take great pride in displaying their creativity around the school as well as via exhibitions and public competitions.
Have a great day and thanks for stopping by!
Now I have a Bernina with BSR so I can set my stitch length to whatever I like which makes this part a bit easier. If you have BSR, set your stitch length to 1, and take your speed down to the lowest setting. If not, try to make your stitches as small as possible as your stitching around your letters (this will help them 'pop')
Abdul Aziz told Sinar Harian: “I can’t even remember which branch I was with because after I completed my studies, I lived in several areas.
Score: Muslims 1, Kuffar 0.
Marty: "What about all that talk about the space time continuum?"
(And Vincent was winding himself up)
And first we did a little of this:
My buttons widths here are 210px, so for 2 column you get 3 buttons, and for 3 column 4 buttons. You can make them narrower or wider, it depends how many links you need.
MAXIMUM Slim Original Green CoffeeTM
BAD STUFF: Not being a fan of dancing, I didn’t really want parodying Footlose to be half of the plot. But it wasn’t bad. There weren’t a lot of long dance scenes. And making fun of 1980′s-style dancing made them go down much easier. Also, the “try being black” subplot could probably be cut out, but I may have not enjoyed that as much because I never saw Soul Man.
33% Pacific Northwest Vienna
I hope you join in with this challenge this month...
To my Blog Followers:
And wherever you go, There you are
So here is a little update. We are redoing our daughter's nursery into a little girl room! I can't wait to show the finished room, but for now I will tell you what NOT to do with a nail gun..........staple your finger to the wall!
Happy weekend to you.
Seriously, this book is easy to read, easy to understand, and all the touch points are just as easy to implement. Are you picking up on the word "easy"?
I wanted to do something special for her, so I made her a special kit and decided that all of the proceeds from this kit will be donated to the Susan G Komen Race for the Cure on her behalf.
In the seven or so years I have been blogging, since July 2006 on WordPress, I have read many law blogs from this country, the United States, Canada, Australia and elsewhere. Some have disappeared, others have survived. Twitter has come along in the last few years, transferring comment on topical issues to some extent from the blogs to the short form 140 character medium of twitter. Some blog for pleasure, others to provide a detailed resource on specialist areas of law, some to analyse and dissect a broader range of legal issues , some to market their firm or practice and a few to rant or take the piss. Legal blogging is a broad church with many aims. (Scots solicitor Brian Inkster, writing on The Time Blawg, considered The Elephant in the #LawBlogs Room and generated 76 comments, some rather terse and blunt.)
So I spray painted the top portion white and let it dry completely. Overnight is probably best. Then using painters tape, I covered the painted area and sprayed the bottom portion pink. I let that set a few minutes, then carefully peeled the tape off. Do this slowly so you don't chip the white paint. I stood the bottles upside down overnight to fully dry before bringing them inside.
Many moons ago, our family took a trip to Israel. I was seven at the time and very much a seven-year-old. Anyways, I will skip tales of that and go to the bus driver. Our trip was the year before the Yom Kippur War and as such, had Jewish control over many areas and Arab control over others. For the bus driver to go from the Jewish side to the Arab side, he was forced to go into a booth and have a strip-search. We didn’t see this procedure, of course, but the description did get passed through the bus as we were waiting for our driver to return. Why strip search? To provide humiliation, to force the impression that your enemy is the one in control, to give the false impression of security while providing none of the same. It has occurred to me that this is exactly the mission of the TSA. To provide humiliation of the population who want to fly while exempting those in government office, to make our lives as miserable as possible in violation of constitutional rights (4th and 5th amendments) to provide a false sense of security which doesn’t actually exist. This is to put into life experience the impression that government is in control, not the citizen, the inverse of our founders. Show me a flight saved by the TSA. I know of three that were saved by the passengers. We as passengers value our own hide. I will do my own profiling, thank you very much. And the TSA can be disbanded.
Jesus also said that we should keep our lamps burning 1. So let your light shine before men that they may Glorify your Father which is in heaven and 2. To keep watch to earnestly be looking for the Lord in everything especially his return. Nothing can be hidden every idle word we have spoken will be made known and every act we have done will be seen.
4-21-2012
This year, since my father is a gimpy old man and my mother is a fucking idiot with a broken ankle, they didn't decorate the house. At all. A neighbor brought over an 18” fake “tree” and put it on a table where the presents were then placed. That's it. And you know what? The house looks fucking better. If my mother would shut the fuck up and stop crying so fucking often because she couldn't decorate the house, I wouldn't even notice and might actually pay her a compliment about how nice the house looks. But no. All she cares about is the superficial shit around the house that I've been trying to convince
Also, updating your social media profiles only once a week will not do much for your business. If clients and potential clients see tumbleweeds spinning across your profile, due to lack of activity, they will tune you out and move on to more interesting people. However, if people come to recognize that you and your business are a regular part of their online life on a day-to-day basis, they will be much more likely to ask questions, to respond to requests, and ultimately to do business. Like all marketing media, frequency is key.
While other students gathered their books and filed out the door, Connor sulked in his chair. Miss Flint returned to her desk, shuffling papers until she had him alone.
I still wanted to have our conversation to talk about some rules, punishments, or at least a plan, but life got in the way last night. We did have some fun texting each other on the couch while the kids watched tv. He text me that he wants to clamp my nipples and put his dick in my ass. But I don't want him to ask - I want him to tell me to get the clamps and bend over...
In other words, someone who wouldn't disown them.
You can also do something else to make money while you write completely and utterly the exact stuff you want to write regardless of how well it sells. I’m not saying one way is better than another. Whatever works for you.
$13 vs $3.50
What did I do before YouTube? Oh, that's right. I watched stupid crap on cable.
How much work will an agent do on a book proposal?
"Children, I won't call yuh once more."
As far as other I'd Rather By Flying releases the only one I am certain exists is the track "Satellite" which appears on the Next Year We'll Be Robots Volume 1 cassette on Robin Hood Records that also featured Silver Scooter, Soul Junk, Rop Style UFO, Nova Scotias and others. I know Jason spoke of tapes he made and perhaps some other comp appearances but I am not certain as to the details. I do have one other unnamed track in my possession but upon hearing the song it sounds like it was a personal gift for someone special not to be shared. And it is master cassette for a 4 track. How I came about it is most likely a result of doing some 4 track stuff at Tommy Orza's (OTMOP bassist) house one day and the tape someone ended up in my box of tapes. Most likely Tommy and Jason were doing some 4 track stuff and the cassette was one the floor and yeah. We were young and unorganized. What I am getting at it doesn't feel right sharing that tune. Unless of course Jason says it is okay...
In a pre-heated 200°C (400°F) oven, bake the chicken for 1/2 an hour.
После раскола: Россия будет содержать алавитское государство Асада в Латакии Turkey wants US exemption from Iran sanctions Fatah accusing Hamas of collaborating with Israel Another achievement for IDF women: Three female naval officers Mohammed Merah? Can’t Blame Conservatives And Heaven Forbid Talk About Radical Islam Photos of Islamic Jihad Terrorists Killed Since March 9 – Part II Toulouse attacks were definitely not random Hypocrisy (and some anti-semitism) on Toulouse in an Egyptian paper
I really love my Kindle.
1 and half cups plain flour
There are a lot of reasons not to write anything. There are always reasons, ranging from the unavoidable (working to put food on your table) to the foolish (watching two hours of Futurama on Netflix). Since there are always things to keep us from writing, it’s crucial to find time no matter what is standing in the way.
by Dr. Jeffrey Lant
Arngrim
Pour the mixture into a cheesecloth or tea towel inside a sieve, set on top of a bowl or measuring cup. Leave the mixture until all the liquid is strained out (do not squeeze). Combine the strained rosehip pulp with another 2 cups of water in the pan, stir a little, and strain again this time squeezing until there is no more liquid.
March 21: Twitter Launch Party. Log into Twitter between 9-10pm EST to have a real time talk with myself and many of the contributors in the book. More details about this event will be posted on my blog as the date approaches.
On the evening of April 14th Douglas played the piano at a at a hymn service presided over by Reverend Ernest Carter. After the collision, Norman met Kate Buss and Marion Wright and told them the ship had struck an iceberg but assured them there was no danger.
they wanted to know is what I meant by this or that- and whether or not that symbolized this (what would rats eating out someone’s brains really symbolize anyway?) or if I had Kierkegaard in mind when I said this or Freud when I said that and wasn’t it true that and all I could say was the story just meant what it said and my professor having none of that said, quite contemptuously, “I
YAMAHA FZ6R FULL RACE EXHAUST HIGHLIGHTS:
THE CARGO REGISTRATION OFFICER WENT TO THE WESTERN UNION OFFICE TO PICK UP THE MONEY AND THEY TOLD HIM THAT THERE IS NO MONEY THERE.
So this is kid of what it will look like in pictures:
And lurking behind all of this is a constant menace, the dark we hide from, the monsters we know are under the bed. Skillfully, the dread increases, the anxiety ramps ups a notch after notch much like the music from the shower scene in Alfred Hitchcock’s Psycho. We know where the danger coming from in both eras but not how or when it will strike. And strike it does in stomach churning, heart stopping ways. Mystically, brutally rendered evil to balance the joy and love that infuses the rest of the story.
In any event, the party made one of the best and brightest memories in my writing career so far. Getting to meet Mary Higgins Clark and my fellow nominees didn’t hurt. Getting to go to dinner with my fabulous agent David Hale Smith and editor extraordinaire Matt Martz didn’t hurt either. They have my heartfelt thanks for creating an evening that a very new writer will treasure forever. My next stop is the Malice Domestic mystery writers conference held in Bethesda. I’m looking forward to another few days of intrigue and suspense. Wonder if there will be wine and hors d’oeuvres…
And what a picture that Protestantism presents to us today. What is it now, the protestants create a new splinter group every what, 8 or 9 days, something like that. Even before Luther was dead and buried, the “protestants” were “protesting” against one another. And have been ever since.
In the last four games of the season, John Wall had at least 12 assists in each game. Wall is the only player not named Rajon Rondo or Steve Nash to have a streak that long this year.
Two feet who remembered the cold creeks, sand grains rolling over the waves between their toes, the sun warming them on the stones and the lovely sound of cicadas calling for a nap.
1 pigmentation
David Fincher has done better works than this movie, but The Game is interesting and remarkable for reasons outside of the usual fantastic cinematography and acting, namely the way it plays with the viewer’s expectations and the whole general idea of storytelling. This is at once a serious film and a bit of a farce, dually a suspenseful thrill ride and perhaps the greatest attempt at pulling the wool over the eyes of the audience I’ve ever seen. But it’s one thing to tell you that, and quite another to actually explain myself, so let’s go ahead and do that.
There is more than the sweet outer wrapper
PRETTY GIRLS MAKE GRAVES is a dark and stylized examination of the vicious things we do in the name of self-preservation, and questions the frantic necessity to tell our stories to establish human connection-however ugly they may be.
Tom’s shark nursery off Bimini had kept the species alive, against all odds, a birthing and feeding area where young sharks—barely bigger than wine bottles—could eat and grow without being eaten themselves. She wished someone at the time had thought to create a similar nursery somewhere for whales–darlings of the eco-warriors.
This morning, after 9 hours of sleep, I’m feeling slightly more like a human.
I feel/felt the same about taking the Haunted Tour here in Fort Collins. I thought it would be neat for Mat and I to learn some of the history of where we now live plus, there's not much to do here other than ski and that gets old.
Everyone must see this film.
ME: A sexy swimsuit. You are ACTUALLY saying that the hospital wants me to make ABSOLUTELY certain that I bring my sexy swimsuit to BIRTH MY CHILD IN. Do I need hooker heels too????
Part of me wants to make this into a doll-styled toy complete with an olive green winter coat, with a fur trimmed collar.....but another part of me wants to make a more realistic looking animal- kind- of- animal.
We have created The Carol Emshwiller Project as a celebration of Ms. Emshwiller's work and life, her joy and her cause.
Sunday and Monday- drier and warmer with temperatures in the 60s.
The story is about the journey which unfolds the political scenario of rural India. Film starts with hooliganism and clan wars between towns and runs with the love story of Arjun and Parineeti.
A Great and Terrible Beauty by Libba Bray
It's never a waste, I find, this chat, even though there's no telling whether it makes any difference. In this case, these folks were a dream. Sure, the idea of a 21st party is to get the celebrant to puke (apparently.) We can count that as a success, but she managed it cleanly into a garbage bag without spillage. Top points.
And now the new part. It is this crossing and connection with the path about two miles down the way that has been missing. We used to have to cross this busy state highway with no crosswalk and no signal and then ride on dirt and gravel until the actual beginning of the Legacy path. Don’t worry, when they were obliged to build the path the same length as the new highway that is exactly how long they built it, just sort of stopping in the middle of nowhere. We had finally quit using this part of the path and then this spring, voilà, push the button, the light changes instantly and one can safely cross and ride on asphalt. As soon as you cross the street you have changed from the Jordan River Parkway to the Legacy.
Release all the emotions hidden in your heart
We all have great intentions. Like exercising everyday. Putting away the dishes as soon as they're dry. Making your bed. And eating all the bananas you bought.
Last night saw the title race move a step closer towards a final conclusion with the defeat of Manchester United to their ‘noisy neighbours’ Manchester City, in the highest profile Manchester derby for decades. The game itself was a slightly disappointing spectacle from the footballing perspective, especially considering that it was being billed by some (such as Gary Lineker) as the biggest game in the history of the Premiership. Due to the nature of what was at stake this was perhaps understandable, and the tension that was ever-present was clearly evident.
By lunch time I was exhausted and ready for a nap. A few of my co-teachers have mentioned beds in the nurse’s office and I saw a couple of them the other day when I went to get a bandage. I don’t know about other places, but in this school the bed is quite literally a bed frame with some blankets on top. No mattress (although, most Koreans sleep on their floors anyway) and none of this sterile-and-super-krinkly-and-loud-sheet bullshit you find in most doctors offices state side.
- 1 T. chia seeds
What was it these dresses have in common? And almost every other plus-size dress I clicked on? Your Complete The Look sidebar? Spanx. Thigh shapers. Bodysuits. Things to squish and suck and shape and cover and “hide my flaws”. Even for blousy loose fitting summery dresses. Even for a freaking caftan. (though, ironically, that last one is the one I’d be most likely to wear them with.)
If you get into a car accident in Camden, the city’s chief of police has this advice: Don’t bother calling the cops unless there are injuries or blocked traffic. Likewise, don’t call about vandalism. Or minor thefts.
I got the ears to go purple before 10am - new record and I know I shouldn’t poke the beast but he makes it too easy…
I think he was joking (why the hell would he want my silly little anecdote?). But just in case: YOU READ IT HERE FIRST.
The project aims to build three hospitals with a capacity of 300 beds each and with land area of 50,000 square meters for two and 36,000 square meters for the third. These hospitals will provide integrated medical services even dispensing of some drugs. This will cost 130 KD in the first two years, 150 KD for the third and forth, 170 KD for the fifth and sixth, 180 KD for the seventh and eighth, and 190 KD for the ninth and tenth. This proves that this project is a financial failure for Kuwait as those few centers will not be able to provide 1.5 million people with good health services
Jolie Boudreaux patted her grandmother’s back in consolation as the old woman who had raised her cried in mourning and frustration. Her grandmother, Maman Nettie, was crying because of a notice she received in the mail from the Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries Department. The letter simply stated that she owed $275 to them for a ticket that had been given to her husband three months ago for fish that were too small to keep. Jolie’s papa was a fisherman and trapper and he didn’t care much for the laws that stated which animals he could or couldn’t catch. He was only concerned about feeding his family and making enough money to keep them comfortable. So when he was caught by the Game Warden with the silver tub full of illegally small catfish he didn’t tell anyone. He hadn’t intended on paying the fine. The problem now was that Jolie’s papa was dead. He had died about two months ago and her maman was still mourning him. To be honest, so was Jolie. Her papa had been responsible for teaching her so much about hunting, fishing, gardening, and life in general. He had loved her and she loved him. In her eyes, he was a man to be revered. So she would defend him to the death—even though logically she knew he was wrong about the fish.
This can only be done, though, if you’ve already learned how to deactivate the binary automatism in yourself. In magic, as in so many of the things we’ve discussed in this blog, the starting point is always your own life, and of course that’s unpopular; trom Al Gore’s carbon footprints to all those gay-bashing preachers who end up being caught with their boyfriends, America these days is awash in people trying to demand changes from other people that they haven’t been able or willing to carry out themselves. That’s ineffective magic in any context, and especially so when it comes to ternary thinking. If you try to work with ternaries when you’ve still got a great deal of emotion and personal identity invested in binary thought patterns, for example, you’re probably going to fall into a binary between the abstract concepts of binary and ternary thinking, see ternary thinking as “food” and “nonpredator” and binary thinking as “nonfood” and “predator,” and pile on the binary reactions while convincing yourself that you’ve transcended them.
1 package of bulgogi (Korean seasoned meat)
When I first read this quotation:
Using your safety pin again, thread the 1/8" elastic through the casing of each leg opening, sewing the elastic at each end of the casing (make sure to sew over the elastic a few times, for durability).
04 Walkabout
This weekend I also went to the Grayslake Antique Flea Market in Grayslake, IL. I picked up this great vintage plant stand. I've been wanting one of these exact stands for ages!:
Dill Pickles (1 jar, whole pickles)
The Garden Intrigue by Lauren Willig (audio)
We are now ready to raise our third wall in our temple of worship. That wall is — our purpose!
Joe’s wife walked over to the snack bar where I was sitting. She was slightly annoyed. Joe had flirted with the saleslady AND bought her damn lotion. Joe came bopping over moments later with a frilly bag dangling from his chaffed, cowboy hand.
We were hanging out in Minnie's magical little PINK house.
Lee, Stan ( interview) “Stan Lee’s Soapbox”. 2005. Beuna Vista Home Entertainment.
There has been about one farm attack per day in SA since President Jacob Zuma’s state of the nation address on February 10, the Christian Democratic Party said.
I'm still excited :)
Sheesh, I go to sleep during the normal hours—you know, in the middle of the night—and I miss this: the release of a 7-minute preview of Rooftop Prince!
Caroline Mould
Strip down! To your underwear!
another cloying poem-thing
I love this stuff!
Changing clothes
Movement – So how do we move when no miniature is the same? Simple, you use a number of Good to move a number of inches. In other words one point of good = one inch of movement.
In order to minimize disruption to academic instructional time, I decided to do our store during lunchtime.It actually worked out beautifully. Most of my students bring their lunches from home, so at our regular lunchtime, they took out their lunchboxes, while the few kids who buy their lunch went down to the cafeteria (and came right back up to class). I put on a movie (okay, it was Spongebob!) to keep them relatively quiet while I called three kids to the back table at a time to make their purchases. We were pretty much all done within 30 minutes, which was just perfect.
But Green B.E.A.N. is more than just a delivery service; they have great community outreach and make sure that through partnerships with Gleaners Foodbank and Second Helpings (in the Indianapolis area), people get fresh produce. Giving everyone access to good food is a cause close to my heart. Food is the good stuff in life, don’t you agree?
from Sapele also arrested
From Daniel Lee, Undergraduate Services Librarian at the University of Arizona (full text on American Library Association website here)
2 Corinthians 12:9 And He said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for My strength is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore most gladly I will rather boast in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.
Marseille 1989! Made to love you!
Tonight we are going to Houston to listen to live music. It's supposed to get up to 78 today. It's going to be a beautiful evening.
(Maybe I shouldn’t post a picture of myself with a bunch of beautiful celebs, bad decision!)
stay pretty (:
Vocal with Piano or Guitar
You: That’s right, you said you weren’t hungry. I guess we’re just gonna fuck then.
Finally a werewolf episode where the werewolves don’t look like jockey sized guys wearing bad Halloween costumes. Buffy never pulled that off.
SIGN UP HERE:
Na N1400 I supose to dey make from each journi now o but by d time I gv all dose thif pipu (agbero and police) I go make N1200,I go con pay my condukto N500,dat mean say nah N700 I dey get from eash jouney now. If God hellep me I go go 4 to 5 times(wen ma turn reash for park),dat mean say nah at least N3500 I bin dey make everyday.
To the steamed flour, add cardomam powder and jaggery syrup and mix them lightly ( it should remain scrambled and should not be bound by the syrup)
I’ve learned a lot from Cosby, mostly about myself. When he confides in me about the things that hurt him, I learned that that draws me in – because I want him to feel better, but in focusing on him, I sometimes get lost. I learned that a man can sometimes not know when he’s hurting you, but a good man, when told that he is, will make every effort to stop what he’s doing. Cosby and I had our most honest conversation this past January when he looked me in my eyes and told me that he couldn’t be what I wanted him to be because he was cold inside from his last relationship. When I responded to him “so that means you hurt me?” I actually saw him flinch. And I saw one of the saddest expressions I’ve ever seen on a man.
I could go on and on, but I think you already get the idea. In addition to all of the stuff I just listed, she was also by Georgia’s side at every treatment and every doctor’s appointment. She made sure that they celebrated every milestone and every test result that showed Georgia was winning her battle. And she also made sure that Ivy felt included and important throughout the entire year.
“There’s nothing here but me. No treasure, no Marian apparition, no sex party. I know I’m not exactly what you are looking for, but I have a lot of interesting things to share.”
Since my last post, we had a couple more days of crap weather so were stuck in the apartment. We tried to play ball but it got stuck between the beams in our ceiling. That was pretty exciting.
This past Sunday was also the World Day of Prayer for Vocations — it always falls on Brave Shepherd Sunday. And it is a day of prayer, in particular, for vocations to the priesthood. Of course we pray that everyone can be faithfully successful in finding his or her vocation, but we pray especially for an increase in vocations to the priesthood. The priesthood is not one vocation amid many. The vocation to be a priest is the vocation to coordinate the other vocations in the Church, to recognize, to call them forth, to help discern them, and to serve them.
Brenna has a plan for her life—until she’s stranded for three days with Dillon. Soon, the chemistry sizzling between them forces her to reexamine her priorities. The man is gorgeous, if taciturn, and a true hero in every sense of the word. No woman in her right mind could resist him, and so Brenna doesn’t—even though she can’t stay…
“Earth is a 3-D puzzle, made of large pieces called tectonic plates. Every part of the world’s surface, land or sea, sits atop these plates. Areas where they meet are called subduction zones, and sometimes one massive plate will slide beneath another, triggering an earthquake...”
Been cruising the mag rack lately? If you’ve happened to glance over any of the latest Elle, Marie Claire, Cosmopolitan, People Style Watch, Lucky, Real Simple, or US Weekly issues, you’re probably very familiar with the name Ariel Gordon — or at least her signature initial neckaces. They’re an accessory editor obsession, not to mention a celeb accessory staple — just check out the gorgeous initialed necklines of Emily Blunt, Jessica Biel, Eva Longoria, and Selena Gomez.
1. Michael Smith (N) 35; 2t. Ryan Carney (N) 42, Joe Dorrian (N) 42; 4. Dillon D’Arrigo (I) 44; 5. Nick Micallef (I) 45; 6. Miles Capodieci (N) 48; 7t. Connor Burnich (N) 49, Alex Johns (N) 49; 9. Jaime Silverberg (I) 55.
Making war just for fun
In order to keep things real I need to come to terms with exactly why I am broken and vulnerable, why I am so closed off physically and often emotionally from the world, and why I struggle with allowing people to love me. I know this is a topic that I cover often in my writings here, but this is a huge part of a healing process that I am going through right now. I want to be free of this brokenness. I want to be able to receive the love that I know that I deserve and in order to do that I have to figure out how to accept love. Real love, not just the sexual "love" that I am used to getting, a true, honest and unconditional love.
Perpetual securities are nothing new. They are bond-like instruments which offer their holders a fixed payout, but no voting rights.
Dachshund Nola
Also, throughout the season, a question of faith has always been brought to the viewer’s attention. The Hebrew meaning of the Archangel Michael is ‘Who is God?’ Before, the 12 Colonies of Kobol believed in multiple Gods, while the Cylons believed in one true God. It was a debate the whole season. Even Starbuck had some questionable thoughts on which faith to follow, but she did have faith in herself to find Earth, and in the end, she did. Go back a bit to the first and second season, and she made a comment how she was God, but as the series progressed, she had to question herself multiple times, and question her faith.
My Al walks a fine line between being obnoxious and being hilarious. Some people "get" him; others most decidedly do not. We were with the right group of people at the Kinderhotel, though, because Alex could do no wrong. His weird humor and extroverted nature netted him offers of friendship -- and tennis! -- at every turn.
Now, I have to let you into a small secret here - posting about the Silver Phoenix is not an entirely altruistic gesture on my part. Oh no... it's all part of a grand scheme to get Cindy Pon and Silver Phoenix promoted and hey, if I'm lucky enough I stand to win a copy of the book. "Hmm," I hear you say, "why don't you just buy a copy?". Well, here's the thing, the book is not being released in South Africa any time in the near future. I can't buy it from Amazon because Amazon no longer ship here because we have such a huge problem with theft in our postal services. And the local online provider I usually use doesn't even have the book listed. Whaaaaah! Mind you, all is not lost... I am heading to northern climes next month (more on that later), if all else fails I will march into Waterstones or Borders or wherever and grab a copy of Silver Phoenix there. But this is a book I have to read - aside from the great story, a girl has to know what her competition is up to, right?!
Shoulder presses: 3x sets of, respectively, 15, 20 and 30 reps at 4kg, super-setted with hamstring curls
Those that oppose the market playing a larger roll in the provision of healthcare are opposing the NHS becoming more responsive to our actual needs. They prefer to promote their ideological belief that only the state can provide adequate healthcare, despite all the evidence to the contrary.
* not yet available locally here in Philippines but can be bought from online sellers
With women like Thatcher who worked so hard to make the inroads for us, why haven’t we gone farther? There are many reasons. One is that in many countries, even in North America, women still tend to take on more of the burden of household chores and childrearing. While men are becoming more involved in their children’s lives, the woman is usually the one in charge, taking the larger parental leave and making more time for sick days, etc. Think of the movie “The Descendants” when George Clooney’s character refers to himself as the “back-up parent”.
It also could Wes Welker that put me in the spirit. I was watching the news this morning and saw a story about how he gave a pair of tickets to the game to an Iraq War Veteran. That makes him a class act in my book, regardless of how he plays (which is usually fantastic).
He stopped eating and stared at her.
Something arching down from there to here
'Celebrity' by Christopher Fowler
I switch on the "news" and I expect to get events and developments reported, because that's what (I thought) normally functioning news does. I do not expect or want so-called reporting slanted in favor of one political camp against another. Fox News claims that it "reports" and we the audience can decide if that's true. And in the face of video and document-backed critiques and exposés, Fox has repeatedly claimed that its reporting is not biased. Hence the need for the slogan: "We report, you decide".
~Once all of your ingredients are prepared, and charged with their magickal intents; add the ingredients to the bowl, one at a time, in the order of the spell. (*Add only the fruits,honey & cinnamon at this point*) As you do this, chant the appropriate line of the spell for each ingredient.
Callie: “Yeah could you, we should be home tomorrow.”
it was a good place to pray
being the manager in charge of
He is the author and coauthor of numerous books for both popular and academic audiences, including “Crunch: Why Do I Feel So Squeezed?” and nine editions of “The State of Working America.” Bernstein has published extensively in various venues, including The New York Times, Washington Post, Financial Times, and Research in Economics and Statistics. He is an on-air commentator for the cable stations CNBC and MSNBC and writes at his website.
Yep, a lot of paleness and a lot of flesh. Surely if that don't approach a goddam work of art, I don't know what does. Really, I do not know.
And this followed by:
the black vastness of her hair
And I must add that this past month was a strange one. Some days you felt very far away, while others you felt very near. One day, I even asked Genevieve if she was talking to you! She was purposefully babbling while following an invisible line from one side of the room to the other leading to the ceiling. What have you been up to, Drew? Have you been exploring the world far from home? I like to imagine you experiencing the world and coming home to share. We will always be waiting with open hearts. We love you, Drew.
This is an updated version of the original post, published in March 2011...
So after getting a farm the size of eight football fields the British said the blacks had to pay tax just like all the whites. But the black farmers as we know are useless and were not as productive as the whites so they could not pay the tax. In order to do so they send the kids and women out to go and work for the whites in town.
If your Representative is already a member, please email him/her a brief thank you for their support of both small brewers and you, the craft beer drinker and enthusiast.
God has tiny angels,
In the climax, the freaks attack Cleopatra and Hercules with any sharp object they can get ahold. It is strongly implied they castrate Hercules and maim Cleopatra until she becomes a freak dubbed the duck Woman herself. So they live out their days among the freaks for whom they had nothing but contempt as one of them.
Humanities Centre L41
Your meat is almost prepped. For the final step before cooking, sprinkle all meat with soy sauce, on both sides. This is the only meat seasoning you need up until this point.
While there is plenty of blame to go around, it's the current crop Republicans who disappoint and disgust me the most. I'm absolutely amazed at how quickly right-wing politics have become the safe harbor for nutcases and lunatics. I don't hear the constant chatter of crazy talk from the left any more; it's all coming from the right. What happened? How, without my views significantly shifting, has the landscape changed to a place where in my world "Republican" equals Nut Job? Democrats circa 1979 = Republicans circa 2010. If you're a Republican or conservative, you might want to think about that. I haven't fundamentally changed. But you certainly have.
With the recent sacking of Pat Buchanan from MSNBC and now Derbyshire many will say we are moving into a zone of growing intolerance and political correctness. This is partially true, but the real reason is that the changing nature of America means it can no longer bear the strain of being honestly debated by its own mainstream media. To do this honestly and frankly, as Buchanan and Derbyshire did, emphasizes the fault lines and threatens to rip them apart.
Sizzix Alterations-Caged bird
A few weeks ago, I created this custom stencil for my clients. They live in a high-rise, 15 stories up, located on the most desirable street in midtown -- Peachtree Street. A very cool location, in a corner unit, with windows on both sides. A fantastic backdrop for cool decor!
16And saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls!
"Grey's unique series of 21 life-sized paintings, the Sacred Mirrors (on display at the Chapel of Sacred Mirrors in Wappingers Falls, NY), takes the viewer on a journey toward their own divine nature by examining, in detail, the body, mind, and spirit. The Sacred Mirrors present the physical and subtle anatomy of an individual in the context of cosmic, biological and technological evolution. Begun in 1979, the series took a period of ten years to complete. It was during this period that he developed his depictions of the human body that "x-ray" the multiple layers of reality, and reveal the interplay of anatomical and spiritual forces. After painting the Sacred Mirrors, he applied this multidimensional perspective to such archetypal human experiences as praying, meditation, kissing, copulating, pregnancy, birth, nursing and dying. Grey’s recent work has explored the subject of consciousness from the perspective of "universal beings" whose bodies are grids of fire, eyes and infinite galactic swirls."
Fattoush salad typically combines summer veggies, a whack-load of fresh herbs, fried pita bread, and za’atar – a sesame and sumac-based topping that gives fattoush its distinctive zingy flavour. As a dish it is totally fresh and satisfying, perfect for a light, summer afternoon lunch, but can easily be made into a meal with the addition of chickpeas or beans, and maybe a few olives thrown in for good measure. I would liken fattoush to Greek salad, but the thing that really sets it apart is the za’atar – almost like a magical genie-in-a-bottle!
So there you have it... and from the bottom of my heart I thank everyone that has every commented, emailed, prayed, gave me hope, etc. through this blog. I have had so many emotional times sitting here typing and all of you have been there for me just as much or more than real life friends... so this is extremely hard for me. But it's time for me to move on...
BLITZER: Congressman Paul, who is right?
Serves a crowd, with leftovers.
“I lived during the time of the Book of Mormon. The Lord asked me to build a boat and take my family across the ocean to a promised land. I didn’t know how to build a boat, but I learned how. I was obedient to the Lord. Who Am I?” (Nephi) “Nephi’s Courage” -120 (This is built on the idea of an apron with velcro. Very quick to put on and off.)
- Each gallon of gas sold in 2010 generated … two … cents … of profits for Exxon.
We catch up to Autumn in Tynda. The train had kept us warm for 36 hours due to a combination of the heater, our body temperatures and constant farting but stepping outside we smack into the bracing Siberian air. Our extremities are numb. A man wearing Cuban heels comes rushing towards us from behind, long strides like that of a stilt walker. He asks us a question that doesn't need to be asked. 'Are you the Australians?'
People like that.........
Here is another poem I wrote recently and feel inspired to share with you. I hope you like it:)
Ben Franklin was born on
I thought I would never do this again, but here I am remodeling an old house. This is a cottage I bought 17 years ago and it was pretty much a wreck back then. The work put into it in the early 90’s has been used up by time and the lives of some lovely people who tenanted the house over the years. So it’s time to fix it up and move into it myself later this summer. It’s a modest little house built in 1950 on a piece of land that is at the edge of the town of Jacksonville, Oregon. I have almost an acre of land and, praise be, neighbors on only one side so far and open land wherever else I look. Of course, as these things go there is always more work that needs to be done than time and money to do it. I am looking at a multi stage project and have decided to tackle those jobs that are most important to me in this first phase. Energy efficient windows are the top priority along with replacing all the doors with solid wood ones. And air conditioning, which led to needing a new furnace. (That put a dent in the budget.) And I need a nice bedroom with a wood floor and a glass door out to the deck we are going to build in the back. That will be where the handmade paper will happen. The indoor studio will be in the larger of the two bedrooms. The walls and ceilings need to be resurfaced throughout the house. The bathroom and kitchen are boring, but functional, and so they will just get a new coat of paint for now and I will dream about their upgrades in the cold of next winter.
Power Drill Tips
So what should I find in my mailbox the other day but a package from my buddy Uvulapie! It's had a few CDs in it and School's Out was one of them. He is trying to transform me into a genuine Alice Cooper fan... and to be honest, it's an uphill battle for him. I previously mentioned my work's radio station and when I listen to anything from this era I think of work. It makes me sad. But I bit the bullet and sunk my teeth into this disc. It's actually really good. Excellent even. It makes me sad but only because the general public will only know this album for the title song. It's filled with cool songs - my personal favorites being "My Stars" and "Public Animal #9." Also, the bass work on this album is phenomenal. You know, like it was played by a genuine bass player and not a guitar player who decided to become the bassist after the band was formed.
“No person not duly authorized to practice law may engage in the occupation of appearing for or defending other persons in justice of the peace courts without being first authorized for that purpose by the judge of the Court of First Instance.”
So if you have serious qualms with the truth of Christianity, that is fine. Some measure of doubt is healthy and I pray that God reveals Himself to you in a way that you can hear Him clearly. But do not, I mean do NOT, blame your unbelief on the Church and your experience or perception of it. Don’t blame God for the sins and damage of men. Don’t confuse the mistakes of man for the magnificence of God.
Perhaps the time has come for me to record some of my journey, both the grandiose and mundane, not so much for others to be aware of, but for me to better keep going on the way.
Where are they? I cannot see them and panic.
“There is today no lack of Bible teachers to set forth correctly the principles of the doctrines of Christ, but too many of these seem satisfied to teach the fundamentals of the faith year after year, strangely unaware that there is in their ministry no manifest Presence, or anything unusual in their personal lives. They minister constantly to believers who feel within their breasts a longing which their teaching simply does not satisfy…
The opening effectively establishes Poe as a supplicant, if a persistent one. I’m about a third of the way through the book now and so far it’s a lot more Poe than Mary Rogers, the murder victim (which makes sense — we know a lot more about his life than hers).
WELLINGTON, New Zealand - Spending a long day sorting, labeling, packing and lifting heavy boxes of books does not seem like something to smile about, but for a group of missionaries, enthusiasm and smiles accompanied a long day of hard work.
The color schemes are great, vibrant colors with distinct tones to separate one object from the other without being too offensive to the eyes. Samorost 2 is truly a treat, and I suggest anyone who loves any of these games today to seriously check it out. If you’re unsure still and you want to give the game a whirl you can try out the demo – or try out the full version of it’s predecessor Samorost. It’ll truly be a surrealist gaming experience that I feel you’ll cherish in your heart for a while.
In whom the Father is well-pleased,
For those of you who don’t know about the brand, Monica Vinader is situated in the picturesqueNorth Norfolkcoast. The timeless pieces are based around travel and amalgamating cultures from the East and West. Mainly basing the collections around cut semi-precious stones and pearls is the main feature that appealed to me.
It’s no different with a church. The vast majority of those who are unchurched are not actively seeking a church home. Further, they are divorced from seeing it as a need in their life, even when they are open to spiritual things and interested in spiritual things. They no longer tie their spiritual interest and longing to the need to find a particular faith, much less a particular church.
Seth Mokitimi’s granddaughter spoke eloquently of her family’s pride in their grandfather and of this place that would be an embodiment of his vision for theological training and formation. “If we can inculcate a sense of balance, then there is hope,” she said.
Small gifts from a trip, to give to family and friends at your destination and when you get back home.
I began to experience this new way of living as I began to be obedient to doing things based on His direction versus my perceived outcome. Provision began to follow obedience. Projects began to get done with little sweat. God brought the people to me to get things done. There was no longer a tendency to manipulate outcomes that I wanted to have happen. God was giving me my Promised Land as I yielded to Him.
~try the store brand. Even if you are hooked on a national brand - sometimes the store brands taste better - shop around!
In a report tabled in Federal Parliament yesterday, Catherine Branson, the president of the commission, recommended RailCorp pay Mr CG $7500 in compensation for hurt, humiliation and distress. But RailCorp has refused to pay.
The last time it was torture. They placed several needles up and down my arm and electrified them and measured the time it took the nerves to send messages… in other words – PAIN – to each other. This time? They will do both arms, across the shoulders and back. They want to measure from fingertip to fingertip, I guess looking to see what is Chiari related and what is due to the herniation? It’s all a bit foggy because I am clueless to medical jargon thrown at me a zillion miles an hour, and the meds I take make me forget that jargon nearly as fast as I hear it… so I can look it up easily later. But what I do get is that it is painfully clear that I will NOT like Friday’s appointment. Ah well… after it’s over, I will have info and maybe a better direction to go to have things moving forward and onward. I will be a better person for it later. Right? Just humor me here and nod convincingly.
Bear some stress, bear some sorrows, Biding for time, quash some of your foes. In this drama called life, always act mindfully; And revel within yourself-
Perhaps it was sound of feet running up and down the steps, that could be heard even when nobody was in fact running up them. The creaky second step was always skipped over when one was trying to move around the stairs quietly; and whenever stepped on, was an announcement to all that somebody was coming upstairs.
This blog is written by Meghann Anderson, a local Florida girl who enjoys writing about food, eating out, running, her upcoming wedding, her adorable dog (and running buddy), and more. One of the things I really enjoy about her blog is that she posts regularly and always has AMAZING pictures of food. I am very a visual person and I enjoy this. She is also very active and a runner – two things I strive to be.
The next day I drove through the adorable little town of Dixon. It’s full of old adobe houses that are trying to crumble, but their owners are fighting back gamely and filling the yards with flowers. I turned on the last road in town and started heading uphill. After about five miles, there were no more houses or ranches, and I was wondering if I’d taken the correct turn. I followed the directions as best I could. 30 minutes and one narrow canyon road later, I turned onto the road across from the Buddhist prayer flags.
There would have been discussions, theories and investigations on the possibility that the world had reached an advanced civilization before 4000 BC.
Q. For long time you have been part of the IT industry, what been the changes the sector has witnessed since you joined?
“When harsked hennyfink as to the function hov an object,” the old boy replied, “Simply say ‘That, aircraftsman, hizz designed for lightness and heaze hov manufacture’”. My father said that this gambit never failed.
“Yes” other shouted in one tone.
each bruise and bite-
printed off words, name, whatever you want to put in your frame
Kiyoshi Suzuki, Producer
Chef annoyed me at dinner, admittedly. I know he has a tough schedule, the man works almost every single weekend. A few weeks ago, however, we talked about how I was sad that he wouldn’t be able to go to my family’s lake place. During the summer, my family goes there every weekend. It’s pretty important to me that the guy I’m with long-term will be able to partake in that. During our conversation, I told Chef about Halloween weekend at the lake, which is the last weekend the campground is open until next spring. It’s not actually Halloween, but the weekend before. He then stated to me, so emphatically that it made my heart hurt (in a good way), that he would be there that weekend. He would make it work. He knew it was important to me. Major points to Chef.
The only thing to remember when making this is not to scoop all the way until you feel the skin of the avocados when you take out the flesh with a spoon. The layer closest to the skin will be bitter, and you will taste that in the cake if you include it.
(more to come ... LOL)
Another blog post… but not just ANY blog post…
YES! Our amazing story has made it to one of America’s best selling magazines and I am particularly happy with the end result. It even brought a tear to my eye….ok, I can can be honest with you all, it made me weep. It was embarrassing.
4. I love antiques. I don't buy vintage clothing or anything like that, but I love antique furniture and jewelry. I have a lot of my grandmother's jewelry from the 50s onward, and they are my most memorable possessions. I also have a lot of vintage glassware in my apartment. I am dying to go antiquing this summer!
Found this last one after I originally posted this. Pinned with the caption "a real room". Made me smile, because it's so true. But, it would make me crazy if that were my child! ha ha. I have to draw the line somewhere! I haven't followed the link, yet. How much would you bet that's in Sweden or Denmark?
Well, writing to me is knowing, knowing myself in a better way. I can never realize rather I will never realize who I am as an individual if there was an absence of writing in my life. Writing is the way of knowing the hidden thoughts deeply set up in the intricate structures of my mind which I can only know while writing by putting them in appropriate words. Writing is the way for me to know my ambitions, what I want to achieve in life. What I write is real- my writing denotes the real me. Writing, therefore, is a way of knowing everything I want to know. That is the easiest way I can formulate all this much into.
1 volatile
Materials: Cotton yarn, 1 skein of worsted weight, F crochet hook, 1 stitch marker.
I found a great pattern and tutorial over at fleetingthing. It was really easy to follow with lots of pictures and detailed steps, and the pair I made turned out pretty well.
Photography is art, and the word art is short for articulation -- the act of giving utterance or expression. Art is something we create and whether it is drawing, singing, dancing, painting or photography, it is our personal expression to the world.
And once again, I can't begin to tell you how happy it makes me to get all these super positive and interested e-mails about this comic! It's super geeky but I just love what this thing's become and the fact that a bunch of you also do, makes me happy! Ok enough… I'll have some more very interesting new in the next two days!! Interesting if you like tattoos, that is!
Red and Yellow Beets, Potato, Red Cippolini Onions, Cornichons,
Catelynn: "I never called you perfect, did I? No."
Adam: “It’s fascinating to see how quickly Auster has gone, in your view, from being an indispensible mentor to Tel Aviv’s Satanic puppet. I suggest that this speaks to nothing but the rapidity of your descent into Jew-hatred.” It’s fascinating to see how such insightful and intelligent people, judging by your conversation with Auster as Paul T., can become so dishonest and duplicitous when dealing with criticism from outside. You find it convenient to assume I am driven by “Jew-hatred”. This permits you to evade the truth. Liberalism and PC have arisen, and accelerate, precisely as Whites lose power and Jews gain it.
The resolution to the story was, in my opinion, quite well done. The Doctor didn’t seem to so much as save River and Amy, he just managed to keep them alive long enough for the Angels to have sufficiently drained the power of the ship so that the artificial gravity would fail. Once it had, the gravity of the ship oriented itself to that of the planet, and the Angels fell into the crack. The crack seems to feed off time energy, and complicated space-time events would serve to close it. The Doctor qualifies as a complicated space-time event, but all the Angels did as well. Thus, the crack isn’t completely sealed. It is still out there, but the immediate danger has subsided.
Ms Suu Kyi had initially refused to swear the oath, objecting specifically to the ‘safeguard’ element of the army-created constitution.
Erika Smolders
In England’s largest seizure of a suspected terrorist arsenal since the IRA mainland bombings of the early 1990s, rocket launchers, grenades, pipe bombs and dozens of firearms have been recovered in the past six weeks during raids on more than 20 properties. Several people have been charged and more arrests are imminent. Current police activity is linked to arrests in Europe, New Zealand and Australia.
grateful:
Meaning, relationships, legacy. These are things that require an investment of time.
The league has the support of many ANC provincial secretaries, themselves former league leaders, but it is still trying to shore up support from provincial chairpersons.
Enter corporate America, eager to cash in on this rap thing:
I need to motor through the week regardless of how gross I look and the pain.
“Politicians should stop promoting ethnocentrism with disregard to invading Ghana’s fledgling democracy’, he noted, adding that it was also necessary for them to exhibit self discipline in their activities at the right time and place.
And now, it's time for a short excerpt!
Cliches are semi-heavy in Hyouka. We have a male lead character (Hotaro), who isn’t particularly interesting himself, but serves as someone through which we can view the more exciting characters – primarily, the upbeat female lead character (Eru). This setup is pretty common, and immediately, I can name Haruhi Suzumiya and OreImo as two animes that implement this trope. We also have the extrovert-introvert best friends, which is not impossible to occur outside the anime world, but considering that Satoshi is outgoing enough to make up for Hotaro ten times over, it’s an anime miracle he doesn’t ditch Hotaro for a larger ring of friends. Plus, there’s also the thing about characters meeting each other through a club.
I interrupt this regularly scheduled writing blog to express an opinion.
1/2 cup slivered almonds, toasted
One of the central ideas in Graeber’s book is his claim that communism should not be seen as an alternative system to capitalism, or feudalism, or state socialism, but rather as a mode of social life that has always been present and that is a fact of life even in the most advanced capitalist nations, such as the United States. Or, to put it as Graeber likes to: We are all communists already. When Graeber says that we are already communists, he is referring to those quite familiar situations in which we really do operate by the maxim “From each according to his ability, to each according to his need.” People of all cultures, including our own, invariably practice the communism of everyday life when dealing with their family and close friends. A mother does not expect her child to pay her for her baby-sitting services. A brother does not rent out his baseball glove to his brother on an hourly basis. If a friend is sick and needs something from the store, we pick it up for her and would never think of asking for gas money in return. (Communism of Everyday Life)
I fixed the link to like "In A Pikle" on Facebook. Sorry about that!
Alpha Star Burger was winning me and the meat wasn't even off the grill. Pictures tell the story of the burger best from here:
You have been delivered from your past – if only you unite yourself with me and let me be your Present and your Future! Leave your past behind, yield yourself to me and let me work in you and through you to bring forth the destiny for which I created you! All you need you do is ask! Ask and you will receive! Do this my Children, do this, for I dearly love you and desire for you to be united with Me in eternity!”
Anytime I go to an exhibition with no or few red sold stickers I feel a sense of sadness. I would like to see all of these paintings, and Landon’s, and mine, out in the light for all to see not languishing in storage. Perhaps now is the time for inspiration. This is the life of art: getting people curious and into visiting galleries and museums, and open studio tours. This could counteract some of the angst in our society. The valuing of human creation; the hand-made, lifts us all.
And for all of you out there who love steam punk like I do stay tuned because Pat has an embroidery machine and has the most awesome pattern of steam punk gears! I am hunting for a tee-shirt right now so I can have her make me a steam punk shirt and when I do I will post a pic for you! Check out Pat's website here and keep her in mind for custom embroidery!
There’s nothing better than a busy weekend, chicks.
Someone, somewhere, must think this is what happens.
o Hotline operator
Specialist Smith
Hey loves.
Sandra Dodd: You're right. If something is true, it isn't true *just* because I say it.
Never looked like cameron
Infidelity, the dark father that spawned this brood.
Dreaming: of impossible
5. Adenoids - Masses of lymphoid tissue that are located at the very back of the nose that helps to fight air-borne bacteria when you are young. It shrinks as you grow and becomes completely useless when you are an adult.
When Sam and I saw these at Christmas, we both remarked, "Hey- we can make these!" And so I did.
I don't think we will use the brown bicones since we are going to be using either silver plated bead wire or black softflex, but I have lots of extra crystal and black diamond bicones.
They must have heard I was looking forward to a nice child free rest.
Just a short note to let my readers know that Princess Modest Swimwear is once again giving a discount coupon of 10%, which will be available until the end of February. The code is FELICITY.
In order for someone to be motivated to seek revenge, they must identify an injustice done to them—real or not. We did not necessarily do them any wrong, but they perceive and believe our behavior to be inappropriate, unacceptable, unfair or unjust. Sometimes they are right. Nevertheless, their covert, devious reaction is still not excused. But now we have a place to start when trying to diffuse the passive-aggressive.
So I'm doing this at her house.
Just had to share this blog post with you all today. I know I needed to hear it! Yesterday was a hard homeschooling day...a day when I doubted if what I was doing was the RIGHT THING for our family...
the screen is something that bothered me. This on forward, I know that Windows 8 will be a tablet/phone
"I think it’s not that simple to pin down a particular time,” Wenger said. “If this is caused by a drug, it could be the effects of a drug that we’ve been using for as long as thirty years now, maybe even longer. Besides, the FDA alone approves dozens of drugs every month6-7. Even narrowing it down to drugs used worldwide, that’s still hundreds, not including generics8."
This blog is not a replacement for going to, or continuing to go to a therapist or a doctor, nor is it meant, in any way, to offer medical advice.
2. Put inspectors back into schools
I bought it in the Lewes Flea Market, which isn't usually a terribly rewarding venue books-wise, mostly housing shonky book club editions in amongst its random selection of furniture and knick-knacks. Cuts stood out by dint of its distinctive jacket; the cover painting – and therefore the dustjacket, as the painting virtually is the jacket, and vice versa – is by Tom Phillips, a very well known artist and Royal Academician, so it's necessarily a different kind of jacket to the previous two books. On top of that, it dates from an era before Quark XPress and InDesign and Photoshop and online image libraries and indeed computers being used in the design process at all, really. Which seems strange, I know, but once upon a time that's how things were: when I was on my art foundation course at Ravensboune in 1988, the design students were still focused on quaint things like pens, paper and rulers. Computers just didn't figure in the equation.
Dr. Paul’s platform is a very cohesive one – the positions all fit together: sound money, free markets, limited government, peace, prosperity, non-interventionism, etc. It seems that one could not claim to agree with certain positions, while supporting others that will directly or indirectly undermine those first positions.
2. I liked to sing in the choir.
I love the lace theme this week, but I am not ready .....
Because many expected he would change the teaching,
It really is the only way…
thanks for the support of the latest rule here....................... i do appreciate that most of you do have the swaps to me in a timely manner....... it is like i said...a small few that do drag the chain, and i dont think its fair to hold the swap up too much...................... and this doesnt apply to the ones that are late and contact me to let me know..... Becci...i do completely understand, and you are never normally late, so for you to be,,. i know there has to be a good reason for it.......
with waxwings
In the video one man says ‘anarchy’. He says it is the one word no one want to use in Detroit, but that it is the city’s situation. The shooting of Joseph Lewis is one of many acts of violence, neglect, abuse, corruption which lead people to believe lawlessness now characterizes Detroit, that governmental authority is absent.
8) After enough practice, this technique should be able to pierce paper, fruits, skin, and even drywall.
What are your two pet peeves?
Shmitova LA. Contents of hexavalent chromium in biologicals substrates of pregnant and puerperant women working in production of chromium compounds. Gig Tr Prof Zabol 1990; 2: 33-35.
Just a slob like one of us Just a stranger on the bus trying to make his way home.
The two most promising ways out of this argument are: (1) Compatibilism—even in a deterministic, naturalistic world, humans are capable of free acts of reason if their minds are responsive to rational causes; (2) Libertarian Naturalism—a self with libertarian free will emerges from the brain. I argue that neither of these moves works, and so, unless someone has a better idea, the ontological argument from reason stands.
(4) must apply equally to all members of the same class.
This is the second part of our feature on the Scottish politicial parties policies for young people. To read the first part go here: Part 1
Man, and when I first walked in, I almost walked right back out. All I could see was kids from 12-16, sitting here and there, and I began to wonder if I’d read the production promotion correctly. Was I in the wrong place? Better question: was this the Twilight Zone?
GOLD PACKAGES (w/ PERSONALIZED 5x6ft. tarp. backdrop & complimentary photo magnets for the celebrant)
Amount $.01
So, this leads me to my sad news, I have made the tough decision to step down from my DT commitments at BITW... I never never thought I would do it, but Mum always said, if you can't do it properly, don't do it at all... and 4 Design Team spots is too many so tough decisions needed to be made. I have also read fellow scrapper's blogs who get too involved in scrapping and over commit only to burn out and quit the hobby altogether and I most certainly don't want that!!! I will definitely continue to stop by the blog, it is such an inspirational place to visit and I hope you do too.
The character I play, Winona, is dead tired and she’s longing for doing nothing for a while. She’s a humble, slightly shy but courageous person whose feelings for her ex Rick awakens again as they meet.
Her improvement was brief, however. When she returned for a regular appointment with her doctor in Huntsville on July 18, her breathing, swallowing, and speaking had become seriously impaired. He said she needed to return immediately to her transplant doctors at Vanderbilt for more attention. At Vanderbilt, the doctors were still puzzled and concerned that she was worse, rather than improved. By this time she needed oxygen, and things were beginning to look quite serious. At almost the last minute, Becky’s travel to the dish convention had to be cancelled because she really had become unable to travel safely.
I have learned that when I write from the gut I think it's most powerful and moving. What I've also learned is that even when my writing is dribble, there is some nugget of truth in about me and when you're part of a writing community they appreciate it because they get to know you a little better. They see past the yuck and mine it for the nugget. It makes it a safe place to "have a go" at this writing thing because as we know the only way to get better is to write. My favorite quote is below. It was under the heading, "Cope with Badness."
All creatures, feathered, fur clad or cloven hoofed are suddenly as one when you are near, you calm them all, that is the truth
Of all of these films, it's The Woman in Black I'm dying to see, as much for the setting as for the storyline...
It is not the first time uniformed forces personnel have suffered abuse while in public.
Discredited Perspective
Roll chilled dough into 1/2 inch thickness and cut dough with desired shaped cookie cutters. Then transfer chilled dough to parchment lined baking sheets and chill in freezer for 10 minutes. With an exacto knife or these Halloween cutters cut dough into desired Halloween shapes. Chill dough again until firm (about 15 minutes.) Bake in oven for 7-10 minutes or until light golden color but not browned. Cool cookies on racks. Repeat this for all of the dough.
This week I'm running a special series inspired by one of my readers, the lovely Martha, who you'll meet tomorrow. Martha is in a situation that I think a lot of women find themselves in at one point or another, namely a fashion rut. A couple of excerpts from the numerous emails we exchanged describe Martha's dilemma:
In retrospect, Mr. Richardson deserved his own private scan. But hold on, Bob Allison was no slouch either! To wit:
All of the previously mentioned should be in one file, hopefully named whatever the title of your project is and stored in at least two separate hard drives.
Roasted and slightly sweet malt. I know it has no lactose in it, but it smells like that kind of sweetness.
to rewrite the swirls
Online college degree also offers you the unique advantage of studying at your own pace. You can decide when where and how you wish to study and complete your assignments. Examinations are held online or at a nearby study center. Many of the courses qualify you with your assignment evaluation. This however can prove to be a disadvantage in case you are lazy and do not have the drive to sit down and follow a schedule on your own. It calls for a lot of self-discipline to be able to study on your own.
I have so many thoughts that run through my head regarding Luke. It is so hard for me to swallow this PDD-NOS pill. Why??? I see his twin sister that has no struggles. She can answer the WH questions without any thought. She can have social conversations without problems. She can sit still and listen easily. Why can't Luke? I so wish they were identical on that part...who wants to see their baby struggle. Not me! I hate that he has to work so hard to be a "typical" 4 year old. I am so grateful for all the things that he is good at. He gets excited to see me and cries when I leave. He gives the best hugs and kisses. His cuddles are the BEST. He says the ABC's with such character. Loves counting with team Umi Zoomie on Nick JR. Enjoys singing twinkle twinkle little star for whoever will listen. Never meets a stranger. Always makes sure his sister has and gets the same thing he has.
hate-being-sick
Buena Park CA, Oct. 2nd, Taught by Jennie Black
i am doing the happy dance after seeing this picture!
It turned out the man was from Hong Kong and had studied business at some New Jersey college. After he graduated he decided to work for an American company for one year to get experience. He got a job as a sales agent at Quill, a job to recruit new customers. He put on the best suit he knew to get, put the contracts in a business bag and started walking the hood. In my building he started from the bottom floors and was kicked out from every single space (they are mostly carpenters here, with no fancy Epson printers). Undeterred by the failure, he continued on till reached the top floor. Me.
Below is a an estimated 1:30 minute video clip of the demo. The sword form we’re doing as an entire group in the video’s start is called il gum to ”Immigrant Song” by Led Zepplin. (I don’t know the name of the sword form the two instructors did later). Our master said she wanted this demonstration to be ”old school bad ass,” hence the song selected. Another song featured in the demo was “Machinehead” by Bush.
Details. Interpretation. Make it your own. This painting could take place at any time you wish. This could be 1400AD Japan. Back then, maybe it was custom to hold a stern face (instead of smile) in appreciation of an appealing opposite sex individual? Maybe owning a pitchfork placed you as an elite of the times. A British couple visiting the Land of the Sun. Make your own stories. Have fun with it. Imagination. Who’s to say those ‘art historians’ are always right?
A Lib Dem policy paper, ‘Preparing the Ground: Stimulating Growth in the Digital Economy’, recently published, argues that sections 17 and 18 of the DEA should be repealed. The other copyright provisions should not be commenced until it has been demonstrated that they are necessary and effective.
If you want, you can contact me.
Here’s what other readers have said. Why not add your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards.
Jon's Advice: It is probably for the best that they break up. :)
She wanted me to do an interpretive analysis on our dog Blizzard’s emotions in this photo.
After months of promises and missed deadline The Holy Grail arrived, the Apple IIe. It was worth the wait. The best part, we were able to set up the computer lab. I remember unpacking the computer with our teacher giving us step-by-step instructions on what each piece did and how it went together. It was amazing to look inside the computer and connect the wires to give life to this incredible piece of machinery. What did we do with this powerful piece of machinery after months of preparing our programming skills I hear you ask, we played games for lessons on end. I don’t recall doing any real programming on the computer, I know we did because I have memories of loading files onto 5.25 inch discs and learning how to use the file directory, but I do remember the games. I guess not much has changed. Teaching now I still have to battle to ensure the computers we use are being used effectively and not for taking photos, watching YouTube or playing games. Thank goodness for remote desktop.
Basic Series Grammar & Usage
Maxine Waters, as one of the leading voices of the liberal wing of the Democratic Party in the House of Representatives, should be able to press the president day after day on every policy to try and push the legislation - and the country - in a more progressive direction. But what congressional members are seeing, and especially Democratic - and especially especially very liberal Democratic - members are seeing, is the president continually extending the olive branch to Republicans, watching them spit in his face, and then watching him wipe the spit off and extend the olive branch again. They're feeling as though he's continually trying to work across the aisle, but by doing so has forgotten about the people who supported him and elected him in the first place.
I should also mention that despite her occasional shopping breaks, she was a GINORMOUS help on MOVE-IN DAY... as were Mimi, Big Daddy, Handsome Hubby, and Sweet Son. Makes me feel like bustin' out a little "It's a Family Affair"... digressing again.
What about verse 25 or 28? “Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her…In this same way, husbands ought to love their wives as their own bodies.” I boldly say here that if men were truly loving their wives as prescribed in these verses that a woman’s natural and willing response would be gratitude… respect… love… and trusting submission.
Anyway... to continue the invitation talk, my mom and I were discussing the invitations the other day and she wants to know how I'm thinking of wording it. Her only concern is that she wants her name down instead of just my fathers. They are married. She just doesnt want to be Mrs. John Doe.
3d) Impose 90 days of martial law. If you're in the city and out past sundown, you get arrested. If you resist, you get shot. That will hasten the evacuation a bit.
I can't believe it's been almost a week since I have posted. My classes this term have been kicking my booty! It's been a bit of a challenge, but a good one!
Mnet Korea will launch the new series on 7/19 at 6PM, and other countries will broadcast the show shortly after. Including, Thailand (TrueVision), Vietnam (YAN TV), and Cambodia (CTN). Meanwhile, tvN Asia and Channel V International will air the program in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Australia, Myanmar and Malaysia.
"We are just about to move into a new business unit, close to the city centre of Birmingham. This should give us a little more space and focus, which we hope will help us develop our brand. We try to offer excellent customer service, as well as little personal touches for our customers.
If this isn’t art then I don’t know what it is… Simply beautiful! Hajime, thank you.
Courtesy of The Guardian
Megalomania is possibly more common than we think or admit – just that most of us do not have the resources or public acceptability to go about it. In the past, building statues and other structures to oneself, has often been practiced by the rulers in India. The kings of India have done this – Britishers have gone on to name entire cities and islands after living monarchs and other white men. As it turns out, Shravan Prajapati, the sculptor of the statues also has sculpted a commissioned statue of Margaret Thatcher, very alive and kicking.
Some of my readers may already know that I’m also a Scentsy consultant. While I’ll get into that in another blog post someday, I’ll be attending the Scentsy convention in Las Vegas later this summer. In late Summer/early Fall, I’ll be attending the last of my intensive courses. I’m going to my first henna intensive to learn even more about the art. I’ve always loved hosting henna parties and holding Henna Nights at my old studio, so I’m happy to improve my skills in the henna part of my business. I’ll learn more about the traditions and cultures behind designs, improving my recipe, and learning so much I can’t even begin to describe it!
The background paper is from Lori's Garden (Pg. 43). The frame is from the Elegant Edges cartridge (Pg. 29). I cut three layers: oblong frame, frame base, and shadow. The frames are filled with papers from Lori's garden; the frame in a solid light brown, the base in a yellow pattern (Pg. 44) and the shadow in a solid blue. The edges are inked with Versa Magic Chalk Ink.
As all good inspectors do, he sought out his crime maps for the intelligence analyst and looked at his monthly, six-monthly and annual crime, broken down by crime type: robbery, burglary, vehicle crime, violent crime, anti-social behaviour, etc., etc.. Several things stood out but on the matter of violent crime, one thing stood out in particular. A specialist psychiatric facility for women and children. Very, very high levels of reported violent crime.
Now, for my card shown at the very top of this post: I made a 4 x 4 note card to give with a package or tin of fudge. I like doing these little notecards because you can keep them pretty simple. The word "Christmas" on the front is actually a sticker that I matted. I added some ribbon, twine, and a dimensional sticker. The green polka dot paper is actually much brighter IRL. I wish it photographed better! *sigh* All in all, making this card was pretty easy and quick. One tip I'd like to pass on is that matting really helps to add pizzazz to a card!
It’s grave to believe tariff needs and requirements of the clients for designing or developing a website or software. If they variety it for personalized use, programmers human to see their individualized preferences and expectations. If they requirement to prefabricated website or software for the organisation, designers or programmers bed to interpret their organizational needs and requirements. And discernment their particular needs and requirements, they bang to fulfill all substantive functions on the place using bespoken programing disregardless of planning languages they deprivation to use. Web developer or specialist unit is not exclusive liable for making clients’ website but the important statement is to make their computer as per their bespoken needs and requirements.
3 produced
So, get that all out of the way, have breakfast and everything before the kids show up. Then, maybe more of a checklist/routine rather than a set schedule:
I rode bikes all the way to South Beach to visit my wonderfully colorful friend, Alberto. He is know in South Beach as “The Divine Painter”. Go down Espanola Way until you get to the last restaurant….go a little further and look to the South and you will see Alberto’s little cottage with painted OM’s and trinkets and rubber snakes hanging out on the front steps. Walk right in if the door is open! Alberto’s home is a studio and gallery. Sit down and he will talk your ear off but, usually offers you a beer and is in great spirits…even if you don’t buy anything, you walk away with a smile on your face for the day!
If you’ve ever spent any time upside down, you’ve probably either gotten a headache or an epiphany. I tend to lean towards the epiphanies unless my hips are leaning to far forward, in which case the headache ensues from crashing down (gracefully) to the floor. Acro Yoga is a dynamic partner based blend of acrobatics, therapeutic massage, and yoga. San Diego is finally warming up to the practice with more and more people flying through poses like “star”, “floating camel”, and “bird”. My first experience practicing acro yoga was invigorating and inspiring, similar to being a child and learning how to cartwheel. The first time someone presses you upon their feet and releases your hands, you literrally feel the weightlessness of flight- total freedom, total boundlessness.
“Thank you, GB,” she said smiling coyly. “Fortunately I emptied my bladder into a thermos flask before we shot that scene. It gave me something to drink during the tea break.”
The hardest part is being away from those I love. I am in the middle of the country (literally) thousands of miles from anyone I love and sometimes I can't help but wonder if it's really worth it. Honestly, I'm still not sure. But this is what I've got myself into, so I might as well savor it while I've got it.
Garam masala powder:1/2 tsp
Okey-doke, then....
Then I inked it with Distress Ink, Peeled paint and Walnut stain, of course you can use any colors you like. Next step is...
Windsor's use of vintage in every room works especially when paired with modern. In House Besutiful's article about her own home they talk about her practical and whimsical style; so prevelant in these kids rooms.
To point people to their Savior
Why is this? Why is this disease prevalent in Blacks? I will tell you why. It is because the mutation deliberately occurs to eliminate this host body that once had healthy cells. It refuses the idea for that particular host body to have healthy cells. Evolution determined its DNA to have what will carry this particular disease. It is out to kill what it does not favor. Is it because he is Black? It is because that particular disease can destroy this host easier than a non- Black host. For whatever reason evolution uses to do its dirty work. DNA favors no one but evolution does. But evolution uses DNA to determine if the host lives or dies. This is evolution.
17 - Ernest Tubb - Walking The Floor Over You - 2:41
Liebster is German and means 'dearest' or 'beloved' but it can also mean 'favorite'. The idea of the Liebster award is to bring attention to blogs with less than 200 followers. So, in the spirit of good fun I am passing this award on to 5 other bloggers.
Because such a move will strengthen any of the three, especially the Pesaka wing (Dayak)whereby it will strengthen Alfred Jabu’s position as the Deputy Chief Minister, who harbours the ambition of being the next Chief Minister .
In the issue, Brubaker reveals these essays "aren't reprinted in our trades or in the digital versions of the comics, they're a bonus for you, the people who make our books possible by supporting the single issues as they come out. A thanks for not waiting on the trade."
Shreyas Talpade does well in the first half and completely disappears in the second. Likewise with Riteish Deshmukh, who has incredible comic timing to compensate thankfully. John Abraham shows off his abs, unfortunately at the expense of his acting ability. Akshay Kumar carries the movie, and the movie is almost always better when he is on screen. Of the fathers, Mithun Chakraborty is brilliant, everyone else is just okay, Boman Irani has 3 scenes and was the major disappointment.
Previously, I've tried to read the occasional ebook on my laptop and found it impossible. It doesn't feel natural to be reading a book onscreen, and the act of trying to read on such an alien, unbooklike format winds up distracting me from the words themselves. Having now read my first entire ebook, I'm happy to report that I haven't had any such problems with the Kindle. The Amazon site tells me that the screen uses fancy-schmancy 'E Ink Pearl Technology' for higher contrast, but what's made it work for me is that the words look... flat. It's like looking at words on a printed page, rather than a computer screen, and that's the difference. It's surprisingly difficult to get used to reading books without page numbers, but the Kindle does keep track of your progress through an ebook in the form of a percentage, which is a little disorientating but just as useful. The Kindle even gives you the ability to highlight passages, dogear pages and make notes on what you're reading, if you're so inclined. Which I am.
Rather than finding community media framed as receding into the past along with the old pre-network society media organizations — as has been the tendency of many new media types in the US — we find in much of the rest of the world an understanding of community media as a pioneer in media participation and open platform media development that rests on a logical continuum with the social web. And we find an understanding that community media organizations are extremely well positioned to become the local cultural institutions needed to realize the democratic potential of the network society.
Hope you're having wonderful summer.
The whippet bounded towards his master carrying one of his widest smiles ever! There may have been a lot going on in his little head but he was still very happy! Besides, whatever it took, he knew that he would see Stella again.
You can purchase sumac at most ethnic grocers and spice shops.
And the best part is that you could totally fill it with anything you want!
in the store. I'm running all of them 20% off through February and the Bundle is 50% off! The mini is free and you can find it in my store by clicking on the preview below.
Not that it would have helped Adamson, who cast his then-wife Regina as our heroine of the piece, when in fact the only thing she had going for her was large hair, large eyelashes and big heaving...talents. Once a showgirl, always a showgirl, and the only talent Carroll had here was her blank stare, which she employs here more than once. She perfected it in other films like Satan's Sadists, Brain of Blood and Blazing Stewardesses too, but also appeared in The Glass Bottom Boat, The Slender Thread and Viva Las Vegas. Hey, at least she was in films more people heard of than they did Satan's Sadists.
Showing some home town pride and love for Cottonwood and some of the places of my youth. All in all this place was a great place to grow up, even if I didn't know it then. I am fortunate to be from a town that is in close proximity to five major tourist towns. Prescott, Jerome, Camp Verde, Sedona and Flagstaff. You can drive to Flagstaff or Prescott in about 45 minutes and only 20 minutes to Sedona or Camp Verde.
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to exist in absolute despair within myself when looking at/considering this point of agreement/relationship because I see this as such a far off point and in this experience despair because It has already been 2 years and I hate being alone.
“No. We just had the one. Rented. It’s too hard to maintain a vehicle when you spend half your time outside the country.”
Immediately on learning about the crash on Saturday 22 October 2011, JPSA contacted Superintendent Edna Mamonyane of the JMPD and offered to pay for the blood samples taken from the accused in this case to be analysed by a private laboratory, so as to expedite the matter and bring it to a swift conclusion. We were never taken up on that offer and now we know why.
So make sure you design and present all of your marketing system to attract customers and prospects by giving high value first. Give often and give for free.
When the canvas frays
Shirohata Pink Grapefruits Ale
And now this…………….
Wood: $19 (I used Poplar wood because I could purchase it by the foot, unlike the cheaper stuff where you had to buy a whole piece, but it was still more expensive than I thought)
get on your nerves.
Butter, cold- 8 tablespoons
and the neat thing about this particular award, as i understand it, is given to a blogger that has fewer than 200 followers.
I am now 50 and feel the same way and I'm sure I will if I reach 80.
When I told my teacher about what happened, they tried to get us to “talk it out.” I quit telling anyone because it often just made it worse.
Helen (using Hog Wild Over You)
The real temple area – the Sanctuary – was for ritually pure priests and Levites. Nice music, prayer and sweet smelling incense for them only.
Projection (Magic, Psionic)
Afterthoughts
Modern Haiku, 39.2, 2008
"Journal of the Institute of Brewing, Volume 12", 1906, pages 690-691.
If you want to use COOL WHIP as an icing on a cake or pie, there are many recipes that you can find online. One idea that I found before is that you can mix it with a pudding to make it thicker. I usually use it just the way it is, it is a lot easier that way. How about ice cream with
Servine’s family is my favourite starter family in Gen V. I picked Snivy in Pokemon White, his name is Smugleaf. I think it was the first time I used a Grass starter.
There will be...
This would be a great "cross over" beer for someone looking to experiment a little. To take that next step past Deschutes and New Belgium. This isn't a Kronenbourg 1664, it's a Flying Dog! Grade: 4 Burps
And I'm off...
We will update when the surgery is over on Thursday.
on top of scouring pages and pages of home information -
As a globalist Simpleton despises the BNP so here I critique his latest attack on us on his blog in The Telegraph ;
All's well that ends well…
The women who work on “The Daily Show” have said, in response to a recent Jezebel story about the show’s “Woman Problem,” that they don’t feel marginalized, but the fact remains, the most powerful positions on most shows are usually occupied by men.
Dose greedy guys ain’t never grateful.
Red Mist, Patricia Cornwell - The book released a while ago, but I started to read it and just couldn't get into the story. So I left it alone for a while. Finally had nothing left to read and decided to finish it, and I'm glad I did. Kay Scarpetta travels to the Georgia Prison for Women, where she meets with an inmate who has apparent information about the death of Scarpetta's former assistant, now deceased. It turns out his death is related to other deaths, his lover is involved in some serial killings, her daughter is a killer, too... After the first few chapters, it was back to Cornwell's usual good story.
8. Miki Hirayama - Itsuka Doko Kade
all links in place, do not modify the content and
In a terse one-line statement, the committee said the decision was not unanimous. “The committee decided to reduce the Selic rate to 9.75 per cent per annum … by five votes to two votes,” it said.
I would call each of you who read this BLOG today to stop what you’re doing and pray. Pray for your family, those you work with, your church. Pray for protection and peace and that we would be surrounded by a host of heavenly messengers. Pray for our country and our leaders. Prayer is our offensive weapon and we should target the local covens during these days. We should take care to pray especially for those pastors who are unaware of what is lurking in their own communities. Finally, we should be on guard, for our enemy goes about like a roaring lion seeking whom me may destroy. The battle is real and we must learn to engage! PRAY!
Just like last week, at the end of this weekend of training, I was filled with much joy and peace over this process and our coming journey! VERY minimal anxiety, which is a huge testimony!
There you see the ideology and nature of the new economic czar. He believes that the government should redistribute wealth in order to reduce poverty by focusing on massive government spending in infrastructure, agriculture, public education, public health, and other welfare programs like breast feeding and food stamps, and control or manage population.
But the report reads: “The effectiveness of the policy remains to be seen. And the richest clubs will almost certainly continue to generate massive sums and fund growing salary bills.
Let’s get a grip and accept the fact our weather is changeable and stop complaining about it.
(My Girl's A) Hologram b/w Criminal
Here is what Lela won....
My favorite is that middle-aged dude standing next to a lake with a rope swing, who says “I sure did make some foolish decisions as a teenager, swinging out over those rocks…” He then goes on to sell us the latest and greatest pharmaceutical. I, however, somehow made it past my teenage years continuing to making foolish decisions jumping over rocks.And this is exactly how I discovered the key. Well, not exactly. I figured out my problem while reminiscing on the Amway business I poured my entire college experience into and failed at. All because I was convinced that happiness was found in having all the time and money one could ever want. It sucked the life out of me: I put 25,000 miles on my car in 2006, and the stress of complete failure/intense overwork is a major factor in what I believe contributed to my cancer development.*
- How to choose a jury (Ginsburg)
Nothing like being caught on the wrong side of the law, when you were once a law enforcement officer. Noone will understand better what walking down that long corridor means than Sylvia Puig. Hopefully, she has good Karma. It would be good if she weren’t a crooked officer. What would make a wife shoot her husband? He was lying in bed and she shot him?
Stamps: Mike $
Just as Natalie gets inside the building, Sasha sees her and bangs on a window to get her attention. Ther killer also finds Sasha, and corners her, while Natalie can only watch. The killer swings the axe several times at Sasha, though we don't get to see any part of her death. When he's done, he looks through the window at Natalie and waves.
“The Jimmy” as James sometimes likes to refer to himself, decided to go on a bike ride to the lake the other night. He hasn’t ridden much this year. He felt glorious pumping his legs as the bike cruised to full speed. He had the wind at his back and nothing could stop him. He felt like he could ride on forever. He hit the lake and slowed into a U--turn to go back toward home. He immediately felt the strain on his legs as a stiff wind hit him in the face and made his hair lay flat back. He hadn’t realized how hard the wind was blowing as he was riding along with it. Now, as he faced the wind, his face turned red and the ride was becoming a great effort. He down shifted to the lowest gear and pushed ahead. He did not let the wind stop him, but it did whip him. He was beat when he got home. He walked in the door panting and red faced, beads of sweat trickling down his face. I was a little worried about the toll he had just taken on his out-of-shape body, but he recovered nicely and wasn’t even sore the next day.
And we can't forget his "nice" smile. He made this up all on his own when we were walking through an airport to pick up my mom (when she came out for Dallin's birth). He was riding on Chris's shoulders and everyone we passed he would look at with his "nice" smile. It was adorable and made many people smile.
Without having a booking agent or label support, John would sneak into empty offices at work to make calls to venues to try and get them gigs. At one point he was able to book them a short tour which got a mention in NME, but they never landed themselves on a bill with a large act. Nonetheless, they did catch the attention of Future Earth Records who signed the band.
So this one is easy. I am always begging you to share your stuff... everyone has movies... whether 10 or 5,765, I would heart to see how you go about organizing them! Oh, and just so you all know, you can always share your photos on my Facebook page as well, hint hint! But if you do, just know I might snag them to share with everyone on the blog too!!
Here's where you come in. My husband has been hinting that he is now the only boy in the house that doesn't have a Jimmer shirt--and he needs one. BUT, I want his Jimmer shirt to be COOL! The best of the best! SO, here's how it will work:
Reading back it looks highly ambitious... but I've done it before and I am sure I can do it again... As soon as I finish decorating and wrapping ... the food shopping is my plan...
I am nearly to the end of the beam when I feel it shudder. They have caught up, but I don’t dare a glance back. I can not risk getting caught. I would welcome the ground with open arms- it would take only one little step- before I would let them touch me.
My bags are packed, I’m ready to go, but I have a few minutes before I have to start donning my traveling togs, so I thought I’d say good-bye. Unlike Mary Travers, I do know when I’ll be back again — late Sunday night. I’m going to take notes and photos to show you, but most of all, despite 100% humidity (yikes!!), I’m going to have fun. It’s been so long since I’ve had fun, I’m not even sure what the word means any more, but I intend to find out.
Try to think back to yesterday and see if you can recall everything you ate and drank. Every little taste, bite, snack, or sip that crossed your lips. Chances are you’d probably forget an item or two, and most likely underestimate what you consumed. That’s pretty normal in today’s society where we’re constantly eating on the go or dining with distractions. Seldom do we sit down at a table and spend 20-30 minutes solely focused on enjoying our meals without the T.V., computer, tablet, phone, or road diverting our attention.
You don’t see cherry and gin flavours together very often, but this really did work well. The non-sugary cherry juice, combined with the zestiness of the lime, ensures that the drink has a pleasant crispness. It is the gin, however, that provides the accompanying clean finish. Simple, but delicious.
When Janie first asked me if I wanted to write a contribution to this topic it left me rather stumped.
The elephant came crashing through the ceiling of the opera house amid a shower of plaster dust and roofing tiles and landed in the lap of a noblewoman, a certain Madam Bettine LaVaughn, to whom the magician had intended to present the bouquet.
How’d it go: Also great!!! Not much else to say!!!!
First, I started with the hardest parts. In this case, the gun was trickiest. I colored the metal parts of the gun with C1, C3, N5. Notice the strong contrast between darks/lights. This helps with the illusion of reflective metal.
Lost.
I've recently started a small (very small!) not for profit organisation called, "Lia Nain Books For Timor". Lia Nain is a person in the village who is responsible for keeping tradition, story and culture alive and the idea of the little organisation is to collect stories from the Timorese, and to put them into books (mostly children's) and have them published and distributed across Timor (in Tetun) and Australia (in English). I guess the idea (and the passion!) is that there are SO many stories in Timor - of courage, strength, resilience, family, love and hope, and no one can tell them better than the people themselves. There is also a shortage of books in Tetun (although this is slowly increasing!) and a general lack of knowledge and understanding in Australia (and the world) about Timor.
It now measures 15"x 17", Rives BFK, collage, netting, silver leaf, molding paste, stencil, acrylic and wax thread.
And then, yesterday afternoon, Sir Paul Stephenson resigned!
Through Twitter I have met an amazing international group of educators from around the world who constantly motivate and inspire me to be a better teacher. They have opened up a world of technology which have helped to shape my contact with students and extended it to outside the classroom through sites such as Edmodo. I have learnt hundreds of activities through #eltchat, a weekly conversation which I take part in as often as I can and have many times written summaries for. I am now one of the curators for #eltpics, a resource which I am hugely proud to be a part of (with Victoria, Fiona and Carol). I have got work as a follow-up to entering a competition I heard about on Twitter. I have also received a scholarship for the IATEFL conference in 2012, when my presentation will bring many of these strands together by being based on research about how to encourage students to use online materials. I am greatly looking forward to the TESOL France conference in Paris at the beginning of November when I will finally get to meet many of these fascinating people, a conference which I didn’t even know existed before joining Twitter. Lizzie Pinard has visited me in Newcastle, and I’ve Skyped with Naomi Epstein, Barbara Sakamoto, Eduardo Siemens and Ceri Jones. I’ve also written a joint post with Ceri and blogged for Barbara. Twitter has also become my staple seminar -so far I’ve introduced five groups to the site, and hopefully they won’t be the last!
Halloween’s come a long way.
Sitting on the shelf!
Pearls - Recollections
Conclusions? If you want to maximise your PLR, write children's fiction - more than half the PLR income came from around a ninth of my books. Children's trade non-fiction is much more profitable than schools and libraries titles, showing that children are more interested in reading for fun than doing their homework. Who's surprised? Not me.
i have been afraid to share the BAD!
Basically this means, that new people are joining and staying. Apparently, when anyone joins, the server score is deducted 15 points, then for every minute they stay, the score gets incremented by 1 up to a maximum of 1 hour. The whole system intends to weight itself towards busy, well-run community servers to try and ensure that new players experience the best of TF2. So from that alone, our Server should do well. We have our seeding core of Clan and community players and, as well as new players, when the server is full, we have our more experienced regulars dropping in and out to give them a proper flavour of the game. And we’re seeing regulars who haven’t played for a while, stopping by for a couple of maps, easier now the server is staying full which is a great outcome.
various images from this site
And we pray for those
I think I used to be a half-empty guy, but then again, I don’t know. I’ve dealt with the most egotistical people you could ever think to meet, so when you tell them that something can’t be done, you’re deemed a negative person. To some degree they are right, because I did get whatever they wanted done, but it was also not without fracturing the occasional law, or two. I just had the ability to do those things, while limiting the collateral damage to almost unnoticable, but it doesn’t change the fact that if you do play the game within the boundaries, it would’ve been impossible. Plus, guys like that will paint you as not only the guy who doesn’t believe in the power of positive thinking, but will also blame you for everything that goes wrong with their plan, thus further pummeling your self-esteem til you don’t believe in anything, including yourself.
So why the letter "C" you may ask? Well, until recently, I have exclusively used C-Brite as my sanitizer-of-choice. Why? Well, it's what my local homebrew supply shop had on hand when I bought my first kit, and since then, I've gone with the "ain't broke, don't fix it" attitude. Yes, over the last several batches I've used one-offs of it, but I'd always used a chlorine based sanitizer.
What a selfish thing to waste my time on.
2. Mix well the mashed bananas, salt, sugar and egg.
512 305-0310 / 512 797-7351
I don't consider it a redux if it isn't just a bit different from the original experience. So, while these cupcakes adhere closely to the recipe shared by Sprinkles' Candace Nelson, they are given an extra intensity of flavor courtesy of Adrienne at Gastroanthropology and her recipe for Slow Roasted Strawberries. The additional time required in Adrienne's process is worth every minute as these simply sweet cupcakes achieve a depth of strawberry-ness that may be lacking from plain fresh or frozen berries. The purée made from the slow-roasted fruit is used in both the cake batter and the icing, but the flavor really shines in the latter. Happily, the frosting recipe yields more than enough for a dozen cupcakes, so lay it on thick or eat it by the spoonful - either way, it's pink-hued bliss!
Rise up this mornin'
3. Drain pasta mixture; return to pan. Stir in chicken mixture and 1/2 cup mozzarella. Spoon into 8-inch square baking dish.
I had a whole other title planned for this post, but, well, it wasn't quite appropriate. Moving on.
St. Timothy”s Episcopal Church
This warm and funny tale of an earnest preppy editor finding himself trapped behind the counter of a Brooklyn convenience store is about family, culture, and identity in an age of discombobulation.
Keep living!
Rapidly boil the remaining liquid until it has reduced to serve as a syrup. Serve cool.
Here are some closeups of one of the butterflies and the flowers:
But she stares at other guys
Mark Farner was a rock and roll legend having been the singer-guitarist for the mega-group Grand Funk Railroad. This group had sold millions of albums and had performed in huge concert venues. Even in his career as a solo Christian artist he could be considered a star. I had been a big fan back in the early 70s and was now somewhat awestruck that he was going to be headlining a concert that I was producing and I would be meeting him in person.
I've had many sponsorships, and I truly thank them for their support. If I've ever made any of them feel unappreciated, I should be given a swift kick. On the other hand, when organizations and people make me feel unappreciated, they are added to my blacklist of organizations to never support. I hope that my transparent and unfiltered views helps others when navigating sponsorships. As someone on both sides of the table, I'm pretty sensitive to the needs of both sides. I did not sugar coat this blog post. You might be offended, and that's okay. You might realize that your behavior isn't very nice.
making things was always something that i was excited about. seeing something come from nothing is one of my greatest joys. whether it was sewing a fleecy dog bed with my grandma or creating some other craft, the sense of accomplishment at the end was such a wonderful feeling.
Just depends.
Here's our Super 6:
Dewina lodged a police report over the alleged assault immediately after. City police are now looking for the suspect.
One startling afternoon
Son: "I had to let my girlfriend know I would be on television."
Do – carry a tooth brush, tooth paste, face wash, and contact solution in your carry on . I realize this requires some forethought, but I would have been a much crankier person if I had been able to wash my face and brush my teeth.
Throughout the summer and into the fall we continued to clear paths and revive the garden. On October 30th we came to work and from every north window of the house and every vantage point of the back yard one maple dominated the scene.
Here’s a partial list of common probing activities. Readers will be able to add many more examples of their own:
Book: The Miles Between by Mary E. Pearson
Leave Real First & Last Name & Email Address
That’s not how I remembered you
MJ feels ready to hang out with 17 and 18 year olds. (Deep breath, you'll call me if there's drinking and you need a ride, okay, yes.) Chloe feels ready to walk the neighborhood alone. (Deep breath, you have the cellphone, okay, yes.) MJ feels ready to see an intimate documentary about an illegal drug. (Deep breath, you can talk to me if any of it is upsetting, okay, yes.) Chloe feels ready to experiment with haircolor. (Deep breath, you understand hair dye is permanent, okay, yes.)
another book you wrote that, “I now believe that even if some of the more dramatic miracles encountered in the gospels could be untrue, my faith in Christ would still be equally precious and unshaken.” Now I want to note, you didn’t say they were untrue; you said if you discovered that they were untrue, your faith would be unshaken. Speak to
Arizona Solar Summit 2012 will offer five panels during Monday’s schedule. Todd Hardy, ASU’s Associate Vice President for Economic Affairs and a participant in the 2011 summit, will moderate a panel of representatives from the Solar Summit working groups.
One of those places was the Mark Twain House. In the past we drove by it and stopped and wandered the grounds, but since we had our dog we couldn’t tour the actual house. This past weekend the pooch stayed in Boston and so we were welcome on the tour.
What kind of Neurowear would you like to see next?
The target can elect to tear free in order to avoid being stuck or dragged along in the event the nail is in a movable object such as a wagon or barrel. Doing so damages the target's shadow and prevents natural healing (magical healing still works) until either Remove Curse is cast on the victim or a Mending spell is cast on the shadow of the victim.
And then darling tell me when
Card Stock: White, Pretty in Pink, Chocolate Chip
Sun, 11:10pm: NO.
Here are some more 1950's and 1960's true American Girls pin-up postcards. And as always... No tattoos or piercing here... Thank Goodness! ENJOY!
﻿To show them how I take care of my cards, I opened both packs for them and showed them the cards one at a time. They then wanted to take the cards to bed with them. I told them no and how they should take care of them, knowing full well that they'd be tossed about the next day. I then realized that these things actually were their first experience with trading cards, so since no one posted this pack on the site yet (no way!!!), I scanned one of the packs for you all to enjoy.
“My bow!” She cried.
Both are cruel. Both are not necessary for survival. Both are done for "fun". The only difference is that eating a good piece of steak is a "fun" that everyone agrees upon... Seeing a kitten get squashed underneath a heel is not a "fun" that most people agree on, but I'm sure the sicko doing it still enjoys himself.
I am doing a work exchange program with a local Bikram Yoga Studio.
Every year at around this time my husband and I have to learn to dart quickly around our garden holding tea trays over heads for fear of plummeting pears. Not really, but they do come down pretty quick and make a hell of a racket banging onto the lawn.
In GA we visited , Coca Cola museum, Toured CNN studios, ate great food at Plates and Buckhead club. Centennial Gardens welcomed us with Butterflies and Birds of Pray show.
In eggshell hallways, calls, propels
I just adore this white & black butterfly poster by Eva Juliet, and I am seriously thinking it would be a great piece to have on the wall in our bedroom. It would be pretty, hung low and just behind my bedside lamp, by my table... What do you think?
I haven’t posted for a few days now – just life has a nasty habit of sneaking up and getting in your way – but things are beginning to feel like they are back on track again so I need to try and get back with the programme!
I think so many of my brothers and sisters in Christ are living out there in oppression, and it’s because they don’t know that they are or they don’t ask for help from the Lord to be free or they aren’t persistent.
By this time Marcel had arrived (cow-sighting-news travels fast), everyone hopped into the pick-up and off we drove down the nice lady's farm lane. The lane was long, and it divided a large pasture with trees and some dairy cattle on the left from a very large cornfield on the right. AS we drove on, we got to the bottom of a long hill and into the middle of another soybean field where the lane basically joined up with a long waterway running through the middle. There was a pretty cottonwood tree in the waterway and a gentle creek flowing through.
5. I have been painting the bedroom a robin's egg blue. There is one small area left to finish this morning.
Rob Coombes – keyboards
This lovely award has been forwarded to me by Jasline from Food Is My Life and Kajal from Purple Chronicle. I am honored that both Jasline and Kajal has forwarded this award to me. Both ladies have beautiful sites with lovely recipes and musings, be sure to stop by and say hello.
The rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Or are they trying to make it so those of us that are not great at PvP will just stop all together. Heck there is no reward for open world PvP. I get no valor, or commendations or anything doing that. Yet they just put in a bunch of content that promotes open world combat.
How about this Americans, for a way out of the b.s. that is urban life now. Try a MASSIVE ‘Cattle Drive Trail (Highway)’ winding through the entire USA several time. Look at any herdsmen in the ’3rd World’. They do not have issues with lack of food though living in tents and being constantly on the move . . . in fact pay the herdsmen in meat and perhaps land for subsistence farming – how about 1 acre for every 5 years of herding work (lots of younger men would be self sufficient in as soon as 5 years instead of having 100,000s in debt on compound interest – no education but subsistence farming is far better than being hoodlums and gang bangers etc.) and animal husbandry work including food and board sound fair? Better than the homeless food stamp culture dotted with criminals and prison culture paid for by the tax payer. Look at Libya’s Green Mountain Project, plenty of young people who do not need any education or education debt to be part of that and to at least be able to grow their own food. It’s just that simple.
If you're looking to take the abacos vacation rentals on holiday this year, have a lot of tools that will suit your needs, for example, you might instead spend at Disney parks. And you'll still be able to review these on the rodanthe vacation rentals and how the rodanthe vacation rentals will also result in less money spent on building a new course and club house with associated infrastructure and access. Add in the rodanthe vacation rentals in the rodanthe vacation rentals and around 6,500m and is the rodanthe vacation rentals next 12 months. Nearly one quarter of travelers who were surveyed had already stayed in one, and nearly one third of owners said that they had more bookings.
#Occupy represents a new development in the globalisation of struggle. It facilitates links between the nations that face the tyranny of the austerity regime and the urban poor who made the Arab revolutions. It amplifies the global silent. Made possible, of course, by technological revolutions – the emergence of non-hierarchical online, globalised networks has, as such, facilitated the emergence of non-hierarchical protest globally.
Now, please note than when I speak of the vitality of these customs, I am not speaking of any supernatural ordering or any merit before God, and this is a rather important point in this discussion. I say not that bare Mennonite gathering halls are pleasing to God, only that they are pleasing to Mennonites. We could have a great discussion about whether God likes Pentecostal rock music; it is undeniable that Pentecostals like Pentecostal rock music. Every individual is edified on a natural level by those elements native to their own tradition. People like that which comes naturally.
The net sales decline “primarily reflects challenges in consumer electronics, which are expected to continue in the near-term,” ShopNBC said in a press release.
Handclaps - Andrew Timar , Gordon Philips , Tina Pearson
Prayer Requests:
Neill, you don't need to say it. I know I nailed it.
9. Reading glasses with a homing device
There is an expression in political circles that “a week is a lifetime”. By that pundits mean things can happen quickly and change drastically. Sometimes overnight. It’s been a week since I last posted here and yes, a lot has happened.
Third times a charm… Hair. I actually did my hair this morning. I was tired of looking Blah:
- The Brooklyn Yoga Cooperative, currently based at LaunchPad, has grown so tremendously that they'll be moving into their own space two blocks south (in the former hairdresser's spot, next to the dollar store between Lincoln and St. John's, I believe) sometime soon.
Gone to California - twice
B. Bed size: Double
Last cut occours during Mom & Dad. If someone has a better source please spread it!
So maybe this is what my hero looks like (as most of my heroes are women)?
We decided to purchase some new bookcases and a "sofa table" for our living room, which, of course, requires emptying the old ones and whatnot. Dh has given up waiting for the fish to die of old age, so they were given away yesterday, but the tank is still not emptied--dh spent most of yesterday afternoon and into the evening putting together the new furniture. There are still about 10 snails in the tank and I hope to be able to rescue them and add them to the almost 30 rescued yesterday from the decorations, and I'm not sure how many snails the mom who took the fish took. We had a lot of snails. Just little guys, but still.
If you look closely enough you'll see contributions from some established mailart legends like JJAltheway, with her final piece from mailart 365! What an adventure it's been JJ! I too feel kinda gutted that you're not posting everyday and I can only imagine the sense of emptiness (I'm still stuck on 140/365) There's a Valentines day card from Laura Podob and Mrs Thundercat appears on there all the way from Holland too.
When I was growing up our “outings” or vacations consisted of going out-of-town for weddings or funerals and my parents would say “say hello to -so and so- they’re your relatives”. I swore I thought I was related to every Mexican American person in Texas! Now it’s coming back to me because when I take my kids to family weddings or funerals I find myself saying “say hello to -so and so- they’re my cousins”! My kids automatically hug everyone they meet now and tell me, “ I met your cousin -so and so!” lol
I’d definitely give that round to Brents as well.
National spokesperson for Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays, Shelley Argent, said the inquiry would provide an opportunity for the “many thousands” of parents of gay sons and daughters to have their voices heard. Argent urges people interested in supporting the Senate hearing to make submissions by April 2nd.
But aside from counting our blessings and the days left until departure, we’ve been working on the necessary details that need to be addressed before such a big life change. Amanda has, of course, been working on her Spanish; she’s doing really well, and is picking everything up very quickly. A little while ago we submitted our updated resumes and some Peru-specific essays to our Country Desk; no surprises there. And just last week, we shipped off our carefully-filled-out applications for our Peruvian visas and our diplomatic passports from the State Department. Yes, that’s right: diplomatic passports. BE JEALOUS.
Mostly because almost all of them are ideas from you guys:)! I will have the winners of the digis posting their creations tomorrow as well as a coupon;) for all of you lovely ladies!:)
There can be no genuine happiness separate and apart from the home, and every effort made to sanctify and preserve its influence is uplifting to those who toil and sacrifice for its establishment. Men and women often seek to substitute some other life for that of the home; they would make themselves believe that the home means restraint; that the highest liberty is the fullest opportunity to move about at will. There is no happiness without service, and there is no service greater than that which converts the home into a divine institution, and which promotes and preserves family life.
The problem is there is simply too much to watch, too many little things going on on the screen: the main screen with the anchor or the reporter, the double or smaller screen if one of them is talking to someone, the lower-third screen where they run the headlines about the other stories you supposedly need to know about, but they aren’t covering, and then, if you’re really lucky, you get another lower third screen that gives incoming tweets in teeny, weeny font from people watching who are commenting on one or maybe even two of the other stories.
During the meal, we chatted and at one point I asked Mark how he could be a Christian and yet much of his tour schedule consisted of playing at rowdy bars. Mark made reference to the Gospel passages that tell how Jesus went to be among the publicans and the sinners. He said that he wanted to minister to the people that really needed it and not so much to play in churches. His mission was to save lost souls. He knew that he still had a large fan base from the Grand Funk days and many of those fans frequented bars. If he was there with them, he might have the opportunity to minister to them. This sounded like a good answer to me.
In a small bowl, mix rice vinegar, olive oil, goat cheese, honey, and salt & pepper. Drizzle over salad and serve.
He rode between the barley sheaves,
“No,” answered Violet tersely. “She won’t.”
This is one of my cards from the Card Creations Get Inspired issue- The inspiration photo was a stack of older vintagey styled postcards. I don't do vintage very well... so I did clean vintage! ;) This card uses several Unity stamps- Vintage Post Card, and the sentiments are from another kit (which I can't find on the website-sorry!) The dies are from Spellbinders- S4-168 Large Labels.
All Submissions will be rolled over and considered to be entered into the contest for the following year.
Oh, do not ask, “What is it?”
Stability of EarthNow
the star, the dogs, the road, the shadow
'Cause if you're bad, I'm warning you,
There are a few movies and television shows that I was exposed to growing up that have had a large impact on my later interests in life. There was a particular period, when I lived on Travis AFB in northern California, between the ages of 4 and 6 in 1971-73, when I was first exposed to some out-of-the-ordinary themes that have remained of intense interest to me.
The sheer brilliance in this film is the hiring of director Joss Weadon. AS the man behind Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Firefly, Joss knows fans and knows what fans like to see. That is exactly the movie that the Avengers is: A movie for the fans. Weadon treats his large cast of various stars like an expensive porcelain nativity scene. Each of the various characters is individually unwrapped and placed where they need to be to create a beautiful and glorious complete presentation. The cast, instead of butting heads over egos and salaries, decided to approach the project like a large scale playdate. If you get the chance to watch a group interview of this cast or even see a video of them at the premiere, then do so, because it is the best way to see how much fun they had being together to make this film. In the end, each character shines on his own and the collective glow that they reflect off each other is practically blinding. Judging from International and presale receipts, this film is bound to generate a great franchise on its own to accompany the four individual franchises. I for one am looking forward with eager anticipation to each and every one of the upcoming films.
Let's see when I get around to making the muslin and cutting the fashion fabric.
Let me start by saying that this is one of the few instances when I'm glad my mom doesn't speak/read a lick of English and thus not follow this blog. Heck, I don't think she even knows what a blog is. But I digress.
Next was a trip to Grand Rapids to visit my adopted family, Jeff, Catrina, Amelia, and Justine. They were, as usual, wonderfully hospitable. I forced them to go to a bike race to watch the famous Breezer in a race. They even pretended to enjoy it. The real tell will be when they start riding their bikes. Then I’ll know they enjoyed it...
Partly this is due to the chronic pain. Partly it is due to mistakes on my part. Partly it is just because of chance. By turns this has made me depressed, disappointed, disgusted. Sometimes even on the brink of despair.
2 jars chunky tomato sauce
And more even than simply inaccurate, I often find it rather insulting.
“No one’s Gonna Need You More” is the third song on the record and is remarkably different from the rest of the record. Although the lyrical content doesn’t blaze any new paths, the instrumentation is on another level. The song is uniquely uptempo and plays a nice foil for the much more somber tracks on the record and in their discography.
Anyway, in one of the visits to Meera’s maternal grand-uncle’s house in Hyderabad I was introduced to a gentleman who was due to release a book on Indian food and its history over the past 1000 years. That’s no mean feat!
Main meals run from $10 (toad in the hole) to $19 (bbq pork ribs) but a limited selection are available for only $10 at lunchtime on weekdays. One of the healthiest options is probably the bag of fish, an all-in-one meal of fish, greens, fennel, new potatoes, garlic, lemon and cherry tomatoes steamed in a paper parcel. Unfortunately we find the fish to be a little on the bland side when we tried it.
At night’s end, as Genevieve recalled that first encounter when I spoke with her decades later, they exchanged phone numbers on scraps of paper. “I’m pretty sure we had dinner maybe the Wednesday after. I think maybe he cooked me dinner. Then we went and talked in his bedroom. And then I spent the night. It all felt very inevitable.”
The fragrance, “Snooki” by Nicole Polizzi, is a 3.3 Fl bottle and comes with an animal print black and pink tote. The line showcases various styles of sunglasses ranging from $20.00 to $30.00; Handbags from $34.99 to $69.00; Crocodilly from $19.90 to $34.90 and finally “Sneaker” slippers at $29.00.
“My voice is much too scary,
And return to the source of light.
But can you blame me?? Look it at my handsome little boy!
3) Dougal & Gammer
3 cups chicken stock*
Okay, so the Christmas bit is over by a week and in a few hours it will be 2012!!! Whoo-hooo! I'm quite looking forward to some exciting months ahead.
Follow these simple rules, please:
4. JOIN A FREQUENT FLYER PROGRAM. You'll be able to accumulate points towards free flights, use airport lounges and be first in line when upgrades become available. We're with United / Star Alliance. I know United isn't as highly regarded as, say, Singapore Airlines but I love them. LOVE THEM. I check in via First Class, occasionally get free upgrades to Business, and last time I flew home from NY they let me check in the 72 kilos of books I've bought at Strand bookstore. For free. They're always lovely, professional, kind and willing to help with problems. Such as excess book baggage. Gotta love a FF program. Some people dismiss them, but they're better than you think.
there for too long. Because
After two weeks of eating with the suggested menus, we came to a stage of what the program called a “cheat-day period”. In these 3-day cheat period, we were allowed to eat any food we wish (no more suggested menus from the program) even junk food!
LK exchange received from Lisa V
The mountain of spiritual experience whose summit is divine union, identified by John of the Cross at the beginning of The Ascent of Mount Carmel: “the summit of the mount—that high state of perfection we here call union of a soul with God . . . The darkness and trials, spiritual and temporal, that fortunate souls ordinarily undergo on their way to the high state of perfection are so numerous and profound that human science cannot understand them adequately. Nor does experience of them equip one to explain them. Only those who suffer them will know what this experience is
Location/Affiliates: Mount Sinai Medical Center (Manhattan)
Hello readers new and old! Some of my favorite or most remarked upon posts the past two years of FFIMS, w/commentary.Somewhat emphasizing the early stuff, when I was really trying to essay, some of the oomph or viscera at least or feeling behind it going into the book Heroines, out in September.
Make the moment,
Congrats on one year blog anniversary! I so enjoy following your blog and seeing your wonderful creations! My new favorite color is island indigo. I love any color blue and this color reminds me of being on a tropical island! Thanks so much for the chance to win blog candy! Take care!:-))
It's that family togetherness, the minhagim and the brachot my parents bestowed upon one another and us children that I remember, that warm my heart, as I stand in shul, listen to the sounds of the shofar and pray for my voice/our voices to be heard.
Location Address:
Izzat Skip? Izzat Skip decorating the Fox's tree?
"American officials," Risen writes, "say the Karzais and a handful of other well-connected familieshave benefited from the billions of dollars that the United States has poured into the country since 2001. That money has helped pay the salaries of some Karzais who are government employees, kick-started real estate development and construction projects involving family members and created demand for businesses tied to the Karzais.
Hops: NA
There is some bits of me that aren't the least bit middle aged.
2.) Don't open up your food processor right away - wait about 10 minutes for everything to settle so you don't end up breathing in the detergent dust (just trust me on that one...).
Green pepper diced - 1 /4 cup
Over the past few weeks, I've spent my time finding ways to avoid stuffing my hindquarters into a chair and writing. I'm approaching the end of a first draft for a novel project. This always seems to happen when I'm approaching the end of a writing project. My last few chapters seem to take me forever to finish.
It's pretty, right?
Now go fetch some empty jars…
The first of these answers might seem to be justified by the fact that, in the memorable words of our Lord to Nicodemus, the birth by water and that of the Spirit seem to be spoken of as elements in the same great change; and by the further fact that the Apostles seem ever to refer to the moment of Baptism as the time when that change took place. But a small amount of reflection suffices to show that to this view there are many and insuperable objections. A large amount of confusion of thought has been caused on this subject by the habit of theorising on the subject of infant Baptism, and the benefits that are believed to flow from it, instead of basing our conclusions on that which was actually revealed with respect to the Baptism of adults. Few will have the temerity to affirm that the mere process of baptizing an adult, whatever his moral condition or attitude, will produce real spiritual regeneration. A man may submit to baptism merely because the chief of his tribe has become a nominal Christian, and he desires to keep in his favour; or he may be baptized, as multitudes of Jews recently were in Russia, merely to escape persecution. To suppose that, in response to a sacrilegious abuse of the sacrament, the Holy Ghost confers on the recipient the blessing of regeneration, and works in him, as the reward of his impiety, the greatest and most beneficent change that supernatural power can effect, is to come perilously near blaspheming the Holy Ghost. But as soon as the admission is made that the act of Baptism does not produce regeneration in such cases, logic constrains us to conclude that Baptism is not the cause of regeneration; nor is it even, if we regard God Himself as the cause, a condition upon which it is absolutely dependent. In such cases as we have suggested unquestionably the man is not regenerated; but he may become so, if he comply with certain other conditions ; that is to say, if he subsequently exhibits that frame of mind which ought to have accompanied his Baptism. His regeneration, then, will have been dependent, on man’s side, not on his Baptism, but on the sincerity of his repentance and the reality of his faith.
Romney Also Alleged That The National Rifle Association Endorsed Him In 2002 - Another Mistake. "Romney claimed on the NBC News program 'Meet the Press' last Sunday that he received from the National Rifle Association while running for governor of Massachusetts in 2002, when it turned out the group had never endorsed him." (The New York Times, 12/22/07)
