Packing for a quick move down the street... If only I had some movers...
Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
I promise you can go ten minutes without hanging on his arm.
because they're "bad bitches" aka bitches doing bad, close to the lowest female life form, next to jersey chasers
If the #2 pencil is so popular then why is it number 2? 😳
yikes.."since 2007, RIM has introduced 37 models" -- A Boggle of Blackberrys nyti.ms/tKK5hZ
No One Saves Us But Ourselves. No One Can & No One May. We Ourselves Must Walk The Path.
#FreeDan RT : that's wild blocked me. wow.
I still can't get over it yet. Honestly that is going to stick with me for a few days. Its almost belief changing. :-(
please follow Artie so happy to see you again xo
haha! He is really adapting the American way?! Liam stick with the British. Keep it that way.
and he went to Inglewood in 06
#edutweet what are the best educational uses for twitter? Live staff dev using book Digital Tools for Teaching
about to be live on livestream interview. Check out our next Lt. Gov!
thank you :)
In a world full of darkness, shine anyway.
Masha from the party
From my dell laptop's connectivity challenges to charger malfunctions, I'm considering spiking my coffee...ugh!!
Listen here real girls putting a wig on your head with some real hair sticking out looks FAKE! Get that shit together
awesome masters finish. Best ive seen in years. Congrats
A little cracked ;) RT : It's Nat'l Egg Month. Here's to these good eggs:
So say goodbye, so close your eyes. Say goodbye, and close your eyes, tonight.
#3WordsForYou Trust in God 
Hey babe so how was the party. Shouldn't you be sleeping by now? lol
I have a book that's ready. I just think it might make the world a worse place. Therefore, I might not release the book to the public.
it would mean the WORLD to me if you tweeted me happy birthday ! my birthday is Thursday but todays fine:)
Escondido police lured teacher to Starbucks, thinking he would meet teen he's accused of molesting. Instead he was arrested.
Hi there!
the thing that you fear the most doesnt exist until you give it life!
US economy declined by 20% in first quarter 2012 compared to 2011. Good job Mr. President!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Welcome to the dark side.
going to bed!
Going to be such a great event! We hope you have a wonderful time Katy. Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Is it just me or is twitter so slow? lol -Vivi.
Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow! ~ Norman Vincent Peale
Great point. And, the conference is personally enriching too. But, I wonder if we're misplacing our energy.
- you did Mumford proud invite, lady! Thanks for you Detroit passion! U ARE a real rock-star!
continuation rules different in LA too haha
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat
It was a great day in Buffalo! Hope it was a great day everywhere else! Happiness is days like this!
it's not an overreaction if there's a note. Or three.
That Time Flung Some Little 6th Grader 10 Feet Because We Were Running To The Lunch Line :')
Fantastic customer service and low pressure sales. I've returned for service because of no BS policy.
Do you know there is app called the luck of the Irish? You have a countdown for St. Patricks day!
anytime doll
I still haven't done my homework(:
Teach your child not to give direct eye contact to a dog as this can be seen as confrontational behavior
On the floor rolling! cc
welcome back, fellow traveler
Crazy girl don't you know that I love you and I wouldn't dream of going nowhere. <3
Do you ever think about what the dogs would be if they were a superhero? These are the questions my dad asks (:
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 3200 calories! on 5/16/12 at 8:55 PM
My dad told me to start outlining on what i want for a tattoo <3 yeuss
What do you get when you cross an idiot with a watch? A cuckoo clock.
you look beautiful! Congrats on your wins.
We're looking for a speaker and a venue for this month's event. Interested in either (or both!)? Let us know: contact at refresh-dc dot org
Be a social trainer: encourage learners to ask questions on blogs, wikis, or by video - and recommend they contact you via
shhhhhhhhhhh, I'm trying to kill them with kindness.
well this room just got a little bit smaller
lifes pretty good.
Done packing! Heading to CA tomorrow. Which radio station plays NCOE in San Francisco? I wanna hear this song on a radio!!!!
Ion Want That Hoe I Want That Bitch
War of the Roses was HILARIOUS! How does someone forget to tell their girlfriend they are moving to Africa? lol
We're going to be re-inventing ourselves w a new handle Thurs 3/1. Not to worry, it won't affect your following status. Stay tuned!
#RANGERS choke #OhCanada!! Go Canada!!!
you too!!!
TONIGHT! Singer-Pianist Tom Shaw performs at Max's Opera Cafe (aka Max's at the Opera) in San Francisco from 6-9pm.
Facebook acquires Instagram!... hahahaha and you thought Android users were bad! Bwahahahahaha
“: :(”I feel the same right now lmao
text me!
*updating status on facebook* oh *cancel* can't write that. family will see. #TSS -_-
Ready to start recording again.
dude that's so tight bra.
So proud of and Michelle Buteau... SHOWTIME, baby!
I literally have the best boss in the world.
I know and he is a good guy and probably went overboard but you should have never started anything, let UK fans enjoy
Happy Birthday ! I wish you many more & countless blessings for you & your family. XoXo :)
Too Cold .
Didn't get the pearls, fudge
Feeling no beuno
Spend it all on me and my fuckin team.
Boutta head back to sleep for a hour or soo!! Haha
Hey sissy! How was your week?
Things a little slow up your way tonight, duder?
Rev. Stewart - This is the most important legislation on immigration in our nation of our generation.
classic times at
ohh ahaha why you change that? :)
I want ice cream from Hanks!
Yes, it is clear I was being 1,000 percent serious there.
My wife wants $350 for some makeup and face creams. Thats like a years worth of art supplies.
That was in my weezy voice, btw.
OMG! Hulk it's morning now; I couldn't sleep so got on Twitter! GOOD MORNING FROM DALLAS and a huge hulkmaniac! ♥
You Are My Bestie Right Or Are You A Different Person??
It's always entertaining to see how other people's drama unfolds.
If someone wants to be a part of your life, they'll be there . Why bother saving a spot for someone who isnt willing to be there now ?
Have that Pet Shop Boys' "Opportunities" stuck in the head.
Everyone pray that Chris () is okay!
thanks u!!
does sex play a big role in your relationship?!
vacation time is almost over :(
It's Admin Professionals week! 2012 theme: "The Pulse of the Office" Are you an admin? Contact us for great course options for you!
Congrats Octavia Spencer!! But award does not = #winning against racial bias. It is another few steps in marathon.
It's always nice to see familiar faces looking similarly awkward.
Dont let anyone dull your sparkle <3
Love it :)
I have tomorrow morning off and I'm off at 10 tonight. What's going on, guys?
yep. It's true you hate me.
Great! Pretty exciting stuff! :)
Find a heart that will love you at your worst and arms that will hold you at your weakest
That's what capital markets are for. Or mergers.
babies & little mexicans ??? 😒
"When I rule the world, I'll plant flowers" ....on Earth Day!
Gosh April I still awake laying in her bed looking at her Mobil ! Goto sleep little baby ! It's bed time ha
I will never fly #Delta airlines. Outrageous. Heads up consumers.. #Whereisthecustomerservice?!
amen RT : I love long, romantic walks to........... the fridge
RT contact me immediately to get 2 for $10, and $15 for VIP
no i can't . just tell me
Cotton Candy Brings back alot of my childhood memories&its so yummy:))
You must be Windows 95 because you gots me so unstable.
Yes we are in the same timezone! Happy Mother's Day mama!
and today I wanted too go
if I could have a job to where I could make everyone I knew happy, I'm pretty sure the world would be a great place (:
That sound you hear? It's the institution of marriage banging its head against the wall asking for mercy.
damn right i gets the paper or bread or cash w/e ppl say now a days
From the Chuck E. Cheese show: What music do balloons hate? Pop music!
I can just go to a pet store and walk by the gold fish a bunch. maybe.
Quite appreciative of checking the new site and applauding it :) Thanks.
Good for you! More than I've ever run.
ill text you!
CONGRATULATIONS to for being the winner of today's book giveaway! DM us your mailing address :)
Walkin through some sketchy ass woods catchin frogs.
Happiness is being happy.
YEAH...TODAY WAS SPRING CLEAN DAY :(
Wet and rusting.
Be better than me.
Well tell me then
can i buy tickets and if so where? Thx :)
Durant is that man
What color u wearin
its actually mind blowing how relevant horoscopes can be
- Itss OFFICIAL.........My Circle is Getnn Smaller. I Had too Eleminatee Some of thee SQUARES. Only Fcck W. Certain Amout Of People Now.
QUESTION? Whatever happend 2 Real Hip Hip? Mainstream Radio is trying to feed us "TRASH MUSIC" NO THANKS!
: Please back online #poker. Licensed U.S.-based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated & age verified.
me and my mother ate it..u kno wasn't in the mood to cook..
In the absence of the military there is no state.
woo finally!
Let's go Tex
Wow RT : RT : Nothing worse then an over confident ugly female..
Zig Ziglar Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
I ain't reading the word right now bro but I'm worshipping. The walls group-make me over ft. Nakkita clegg foxx on youtube
Being someone's first love may be great, but to be their last is beyond perfect.
I told u I would
#mettaworldpeace has been watching a little too much playoff hockey
everyone must follow ! Her tweets are amazing.! I love them.!(:
In Jan, book carpet & upholstery cleaning in the same visit & get free home pro spotter & Teflon! Or buy 2 rooms Teflon, get 3rd room free!
thanks, Gerardo! still relatively new to this whole Twitter thing....
feeling like a king and its all thanks ta my queen
I know , it's been forever !
It would be typical of the baseball Gods - after Gamel gets his attitude right, an injury. Hope he's OK, really proud of him this year.
Loving Jimmy Kimmel @ the WH correspondents dinner - the equal opportunity offender!
hi thanks for following me, I follow u back. Let's tweet sometimes.
Rhyming poetry is hard. Trying to work in "damn fine ass" and "Winged Victory of Samothrace."
Thanks for the follow. Would love to send you a San Diego Bebe Eco-Nursing Pillow for your review.
Ight I'm done.
I think I'm disproportionally excited to use this 3 dollar Great Clips coupon
52% of mobile app sessions on iOS & Android are Games. Next is Social 22%. Indie games dominate iOS & Android RT
#neworleans #finalfour We have bought the entire in the French Quarter and we still have some king rooms left.
Crap crap crap crap crap! I've got a party to go to that night out in the burbs. Will you be there other times?
should have followed back
Don't wait to get to work until you see the evidence of God's blessings. God gives you the faith to get started.
Good things come to people who work their asses off and never give up.
Noone has found the secret message on our Twitter page yet? You kidding me?
Other Area Division 3 teams at Deerfield Classic include: Princeton/Green Lake, Fall River & Madison Country Day, which is co-oping w/ ALC
ok and then after that we can have a race and see who wins that.
“Freedom begins between the ears.” Edward Abbey
Whitespace = draw own conclusions "A good presentation is a conversation. The audience needs a chance to play their role." via
Where is he speaking?
what did 8 flavahz ever do to us though-
#didyouknow? The lion used in the original MGM movie logo killed its trainer and two assistants the day after the logo was filmed.
Sophisticated Styles in Charmeuse Bridesmaid Dresses- Layered Innovations at www.Shopshop.com
thank you
Why did we even get out a hour early?
Tiverton Land Trust to show film about light pollution
Tweet Tweet.
FCPA: SEC charges former CEO of Noble Corp, 2 individuals, which included the former controller and head of internal audit.
Me: "Honey, I'm home!" Me: "Oh I forgot. He's in Miami."
I'm freaking out!
Mofos act like you gonn die if someone unfollows them! So da fuck what!! Just Get another follower asshole.
Sure, but don't forget to over tip if you're doing that. And don't linger long after you're done. Servers appreciate it.
Shoutout To My New Follower
did u make roiworld? r u THE romi or roiworld? of am i hallucinating? lol
happy birthday girl
Thanks for being great partners working with on mobile apps. Looking forward to continuing partnership.
Thank you! I am honored!
sweet gallows, bro!
stop twatching me though 🐒
What a blessing you are to so many.
Beer is the cure to a bad cough
fuck first class , I'm in the cock Pitt.
hey! follow back?
I was wondering if you would have a meet & greet for Jan 20th Santa Ana show? I love you & wanna met you so bad!
...and very nice to meet you! Tot ziens :)
Mind you, I think we're now seeing phones/devices gravitating to just 2-3 choices of mobile OS's
Actually glad the weekend is over.
someone is going to try to make spelunking cool before this decade is over....I guarantee it.
I like that - "be an entreprneur -- only job guaranteed at graduation"
Yes, I would be one of those who's checking out on phone while presenter is speaking abt platform
Census site...very cool, Jared, very cool.
press it!
OMG! This movie is so hillarious! I'm like the loud one and Sheelby is totally the Fat one... but don't tell her LOL!
Lol. I Know, But Can't Do Much On A Broken Foot, Which Is Why I'm So Angry "/
I'm watchin Day After Tomorrow after #ufc145 if I'm still awake
Thanks for following !
good morning y'all...
There is nothing as deceptive as an obvious fact.
oops only windows supported
suck me Nani !!!! BAILZ PAGLIACCI IS THE GREATEST RAPPER TO EVER LIVE !!!!!
Miley cirus hates twillight.......I think I just became a miley fan!
Its gonna take me awhile to get use to my new glasses lol
Enjoying case presentations from students w Good luck students in Chicago and at NAIOP Minneapolis.
Staying up 13 hours strait is a fucking horrible idea. -____-
no.. but, I'm frightened for you.
Rihana looks great
ha, right on.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Did you hear about the monster who had an extra pair of hands? Where did he keep them? In a handbag.
Good recap but off on MD. Don't get hype ab some pretty girl, spoiled by Daddy then Don, whose had 1 good idea
Tired, awesome fun with the amazing team on
Jane Lynch looks great -- and launches into lesbian comedy bit.
Thanks for brunching with me. Together we make the best Mexican EVER!
This game is going exactly as I thought it would.
Tryin to stay focussed on this bread.
So let me get this straight over 1000 of people get cancer over 1000 of people donate over a million dollars to support cancer
RT : Check out exclusive behind the scenes photos from the recording of our live "Madness in Manila" DVD/CD at......
i can't tell you how much i love that y'all made a chrome web store app after i suggested it. i use it often! :-)
contrary to some, I'm really enjoying the current season of Mad Men.
Thanks Paul!!
: scholars want the same level of access and syncing that consumers enjoy on services like amazon prime, dropbox, etc.
yes, the label knows. I will let the station know as well!
RIGHT!? SO GOOD Did you see the MV yet?
every artist needs a muse...waiting to be inspired takes too long...time to go out in the world and find it! never did like sittg on my arse
Yeah but it was a little different...
it says MAHOMIES!!:)
most likey take my licence for a while.
not without plaid pants. Ha ha
sorry we didn't get a chance to hang more. Hopefully VMWorld?
Packing is no fun.
Well that was weird. A bloke sends a few DM's and then unfollows me. # Arrivedeci ;) x
Need more sleep!!!!
Congratulations, Emily! Excited to have you as part of the program!
Robot hearts!!!
I caught on to that ;))
Watching tha Heat game
I love cheap nail polish. Why? Because it is cheap and it is nail polish.
": Idk what I would do w/o my dad."
I'll be checking out and tomorrow due to the meetup plug by
Bingo Players tonight ! Steve Aoki killed it as USUAL!! Don't miss out on one epic night!
I could pull it off probably
you are amazing Samuel <3
put mckenry at first????
I've decided that I might just take daily manual labor jobs off of Craigslist all summer
#fridayreads audio: Horizon by Lois McMaster Bujold (book 4 of the Sharing Knife Series). Yes, it's a re-listen, can't help myself!
so crazy is this thing we call "love".
it's seriously liberating!!!! And i don't catch myself wasting time looking at other peoples drama! :-)
We have followers from all the way around the world! A big shout out to our international friends!
Now following ...Hi! Thanks 4 following!
#ItsInsaneHow most people would rather do something to you than to do something for you
Finna text random people in my phone.. I must be bored
ART TIME PUNKS now available at !
And, who wants to be my guest (comp) for the new musical Nobody Loves You, Sat 2pm at The Old Globe in SD?
Im living my life for me & my kids NOBODY else!!
Tyga-make it nasty
Shout out to and for following...its much appreciate! Check them out guys :)
Great to hear it! Let us know if you have any questions or need any help. We are always here if you need us!
I do like this - great, great find - thx - and I have read some of that book - he's phenomenal - will pick it back up :)
GO RANGERS Buster :D
Congratulations Team Triple Crown win girls 18U. Vivianne and Kaitlynn
um yes it is !
Nice! Buddy? What color? The police found my scoot this weekend! :-D
It's in North by Northwest and Cary Grant has seen it.
Shill (2/2): I've known her since 1st grade. Rather talented and, I don't think she'd mind my saying, delightfully quirky.
just traded sheet not to long ago....go me
That is awesome. I didn't even used to LIKE ! ;)
You get em framed? How much cost? We might be able to hook you up.
I love you guys more than I love food.... And that's just crazy. Xo
The timing and structure...
Large Real Estate firm in NYC r making a killin in Energy! Don't get left behind if you're a Realtor. Call for details 1-646-397-9817
Diet Mountain Dew tastes like pure ass.
My iPhone's autocorrect has learned to spell Yuengling.
Sorry your worst boarding in months! #flight949 why is the gate area blocked?
it's not in Omaha, but Benson raised 's film #canyonroad is debuting trailer tomorrow at
Just finished watching a cut of Life Tracker. I'm getting excited. It's really coming together!
Ridiculous how you can find tons of tutorials to color correct in #fcpx but nada for sound design. Sound > color
For Thirsty Thursday you should try out the new
4G a ma'fucka works quick but drain the battery bout time you take it off the charger
Happy Birthday to !
Sort of. I'm helping with NASA's social media efforts, but I'm still doing my job at , too.
you hipster
Happy Easter everyone!
Weird, people who listen to you, only to escape from the the shitty main stream news, don't want to hear that stuff? WTF!?
Winner winner chicken dinner!
"Love stinks yeah yeah"
Is the sky blue, is the Pope catholic, etc.? RT Come on Tweetdeck. Don't fail me NOW!
@ school. teacher's like bitching at all of us -_-
#TeamTim! cc: RT : What a moment! Welcome to twitter !
all in good fun. not like any of us would actually DO it
no. we can't. Admin refused to add a Delta V requisition to my contract for next year.
Oh my lord. This guy shouldn't be working at Wendy's. He should be an underwear model.
that's the only thing, my place is tiny. She seems pretty happy though.
did your vegan lifestyle get thrown out the door this weekend? If only for just a day. .
Rockies need some kind of mojo on the road, they seem not to be able to let the Bats go Wild....Let's beat those Mets Tommorrow.
You stay classy, redneck in Target yelling across several aisles to ask his wife what kind of tampons work best for her.
The Band Perry with a Glen Campbell tribute. Who's wearing the country hoola skirt in the band?
Lucky! Crazy! Both?
todays my birthday. Can you please wish me a happy birthday?
Rookie draft sleeper: Dane Sanzenbacher...a smart, tough WR might find a role in Martz's offense
Sweet, intimate worship this morn with the 'Called Out' students...and powerful words about waiting on the Lord from
RT : Every #solopreneur should listen to 's 5 Critical Tests Women Face in 1st Year of Self-Employment...
I must still be in conference mode, being terribly efficient today. Brunch, laundry, organizing. Now to pack for a week
oh well, bad terms or ok? I'll invite him along
$2,000,000,000 price tag for Dodgers package (team, stadium, land). When is the break even date?
that was an accidental tweet. i keep subconsciously logging into this old twitter. follow my new one -
no that is crazy.
thank you beautiful!
burned 152 calories doing 19 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
Just nominated and for the i date awards... Good luck guy's...
I get around - TUPAC
who wanna text , [ off my ipod ] RETWEET
That moment when you get a sweet text & you just sit there smiling at your screen like a weirdo..
lets make some hits! Hahah, have you started yet?
they sold out about 1/3 of Rupp in few hours, Rupp wouldn't have sold out but would have probly pushed 20k.
No, Apple didn't make a mistake. But, this means we still have about a year of iPhone 5 rumors to tough out, haha.
follow me,I LOVE YOU,
This horror.. The perfect ending.
I Cut alot of Ppl Off And It's Feels Good Not To be Around Ppl and They Bullshit!!
The boys who you can have an on going conversation with al day and never get bord :)
What to do...what to do...
Yo , your followers are freakin me out.
Yes. And I have minions.
Xocai gains 128% in mlmrankings. See what it's all about! W.myxocai.com/71376
Look. I'm a Directioner. I don't need a quiz to prove that I am.
Im trying to step my instagram game up very new to it. User name is cippycup.
that was so sweet. Ben has a good friend.
So #ReadyOrNot Meeks best track off the tape?
Fine. I reject them either way. Glad not to have to dry clean my coat every time I go to a bar, but now they're going too far.
Daily GTKY question: What do you always say?
Diversion? I understand now, never thought of it, great perception! Thanks.
curious to see who uses twitter at 4:00am EST #appointmentlink is it beauty time or time for sleep?
I'm 100% with of the anti-bullying campaign, but it doesn't have to be another fight.We simply need to learn to love & be more compassionate
i missed u to and not much here bored out as always O_o and single lmao and u! hows life :D
I was just served the most measly burrito I've had here. 1st time in 10 years as a customer I've walked out the door hungry.
all giddy less then 60 min till long weekend!
check the quote ha
Which doesn't make sense; his main other language is French.
well why don't you?
Day 2 of the Texas Conference on Digital Libraries. Follow the conference
Obscurity & competence - that is the life that is best worth living ~ Mark Twain
Oh... And Zulegar was ballin' may steal the show at the Spring Game
Please follow me !! :)
good one
Remodeling of upstairs almost complete. :)
Almost my birthday :)
#Tigers just beat the White Sux 10-8. Damn near lost this game in the end.
My comedy plans this weekend are doing 10 open mics then go home and try not to pull the trigger
Working on a cover of 'The Lazy Song' by Bruno Mars! It's gonna make you not wanna do anything...
Also we are 3 away from 200 followers, let's get all those today and when we get to 1,000 followers we may start doing some prizes!!
you sent a DM?
"Ohmygosh did you see his butt?!" "No I'm not perverted, Shalyn.." "He was wearing baseball pants!!" <3 #ICheckedHimOut haha
freeresortbeach.info New Post - has anybody been.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <c
is back from a great trip to Los Angeles
Got ma' whole crew tweetin' now!!
that looks delicious. Enjoy babe & say happy mothers day to my suegra for me
he who is on
It's my dads b day today. I am so thankful for him... Adopted us when I was 5! He is truely our Guardian ANGEL! Proud to be a
Study Abroad Myth: I should study abroad my junior year. FACT: The "best" time to go is different for everyone. Visit CIE for more info!
were good bruh, no worries
That may have something to do with you being a lesbian.
Never stop dreaming. You will go far.(:
RT : "My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness." ~Dalai Lama
Im threw fuckin around im off
actually LOVING it!!! Battery life is a little shaky, but overall, its a pretty awesome piece!
Simply: yes. If you won't stand up for the serial comma, who will? /sarc
Updated My Profile #swag Im Super Dooper Uuuper tired. #cool going to kick this besh out of my house soon ;D #lol bye
I refuse to believe that. NO WAY he is dead.
shoot, I had my fingers, toes, arms and legs all crossed that I'd win! :)
Going to the concert this June for my bestie's birthday. I can't wait!
Turns out I am pretty awesome with a teleprompter!
also to the lady who wanted a longer set: we've got one more song up our sleeves so it will happen.
Obstacles are the things we see when we take our eyes off our goals. -Zig Ziglar
is this the right decision? Hope so :/
NO MATTER WHAT YOU DID OR WHO YOU FUCKED.. I'D GO THROUGH HELL FOR YOU NO MATTER WHAT
When in doubt, watch Scream.
Your requests and Belmont BBQ on the Powerdrive at 5 w/ Helen Powers. 978 1023 or
r u at the game?! So jealous! Would love to be watching Andy's first game back
“: Gunman reportedly wearing body armor kills at least 4 in Arizona, police say - ”BAD SAD STORY
good music
do u wanna follow me?:)
Your knife; my back, my gun; your head.
RT : It's National Library Week – what are you reading? Here's some good stuff to hunt down at your local library:...
you are a tweet machine on fire today!
Hey it was nice seeing you last night! That should happen more often.
Had a great time this weekend! Thanks to all !
I was freaking out. Smoking is so unattractive. I'm glad that wasn't you. It was just a stupid person. :)
writing formulas for a giant excel-based dataset.
Oh.. Napa Hour... A wonderful way to end the work week and bring in the Weekend!
do you do roof billboards in Dulles flight path ?
No, I meant for the human. Is putting them on the cat "a pain", not painful. ;)
i hate that i take a nap than i can't sleep
Any negative behaviour a dog does will get worse if he gets told off for doing so
I'm not alone,i know that god is always with me
The ‘Aquaponics Soldiers’ of Camp Aguinaldo
*falls asleep with contacts on* *wakes up* *goes to take them off* *it feels like you're peeling off a layer of your actual eye* :(
Don't conservatives ever get tired of hating everyone? It must take tons of energy to hate women, gays, other religions, and other races.
no one cares what happened ... shhhhhhuuutttuppppppp
Nice!!! I should do the same RT I have decided that today will be my Friday😊
my moma just said that if she saw me crying for a guy shed slapp me and say 'i taught you better than that'...honesltyy i agree with her
thanks Eden! Love you! Tell your mommy I'm unhappy with her :) jk!
As always, thanks for the RTs! :)
srry i didn't reply back, i fall a sleep, how r u?
Completed my 4 1/2 miles on the trail and feeling good!!!
never thought I'd say this but I actually wanna go back to school (I miss JJ and Blaise)
wants to know what is your favorite #popcorn flavor. Give us a shout and you might see your favorite on the Popped! truck.
hahah that's cool :) what kind of phone did you get?
#quote "Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action." ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Actually, thank YOU!
You know what I'd like to see? RDA training that isn't presented as a compare/contrast with aacr2. Bring in new metadata specialists!
I think so haha
Hunt: got caught up in being "even-handed" when 90% of atrocities being committed by Serb army.
omg- 1st Cd Aim & Ignite is amazing! Lmk. :)
Treat your intimate #relationships with gratitude!
Am I crazy or does that new Chernobyl movie look pretty awesome? Who wants to go see it with me?
When is your band performing again???
Alabama Crimson Tide linebacker Dont'a Hightower talks about the upcoming game against the #1 LSU Tigers.
Friday need to hurry up
lol omg how did you know!? And they sell toys <3
see what happens with a little patience (and a shit ton of speed)?
Oh, the sabres must be playing then
I apologize. I forgot I was signed in to his account. My bad. He wanted a twitter. smh
it's not even worth it!!
Ooh dang! Do you have a cover for it?
(Yes I'm going crazy with ticket buying now) I just got tickets for M. Ward at 9:30 Club on 5/13/2012: on
Remy seems to think he's a pug!
Best laid plans... Left early for Estacada and just pulled over b/c the under storage compartments won't lock. Never a dull moment!!
Chili Cookoff in San Diego this saturday!
You're my beautiful girl.
I can't handle this anymore...
I like how no one ever tweets me..... :(
ok, because I remember "BJ Armstrong" being thrown around when the good Reverend Doctor Deacon Bishop Gibson was drafted.
Had a great day working with the lady's in they are awesome, can't wait to finish these songs and show the world 
I did. Finished several projects with her for 2-3 quarters.
HEY! RT If you include a middle initial, You're 99%more likely to be a douche-> Are you ashamed to be a 99% er?
bite your tongue sir.
I'm headed over there tonight.
did he beat the case??
oh i don't work for them, so i don't know. I havn't heard anything tho.
New generation is to worried about the colors of their parts. That stem as been one of the best stems I've own.
I am a half guy until I get it under 2 hours. That will be next year. The energy of 35k people is insane
Where can I email if I have a question?
per autograph you are getting
It' a gorgeous day!!! I am enjoying coffee, bagel with Nutella and the scent of lilac. It's lilac season. Enjoy your day & take some water.
back...not bad
Blast kills the power play, both teams back to equal strength
Holy frack, Bridesmaids was hilarious!
Finish this question: The one person I would love to meet is __________
Happy Anniversary!
"You can't intimidate the " - Charles Barkley... "You sure can't" -
Tonight #Infected <3
thx, we never made it, but will also plan earlier for next yr.
": S/o 2 for the follow" back at u hun )
I like.
Is he actually a homosexual or.
i know how you feel nick<3333
Yeah, a photo via Flickr that they probably didn't get permission or pay to use.
Congratulations to Forsyth Medical Center on the new Maya Angelou Center for Women's Health and Wellnes. Great for the community.
No doubt.
Newyork apartment rentals & Newyork apartments for rent Search thousands of apartments with the apartment-advisor.com apartment listings.
right?! but there's nothing wrong with a good laugh ;)
That's interesting. Functions as a benefit auction on behalf of artists and collectors.
Wow. Just, wow...RT NYT NEWS ALERT: Judge Sets Bail at $150,000 for Shooter in Trayvon Martin Case
I hate mrs dehont Uggh she is so annoying
My goodness bunch of weirdos
what astonishes me most is that you'd have to pad a resume to get that job...
best mussels ever, and great music. see you there
Guess who's giving presentations at four Bay Area REI's this summer? Teddy Roosevelt. Just kidding - he's dead. It's me.
im on my way home(:
thanks for mentioning Devon! He is an inspiration and it gives the kids at Eaglecrest something to root for!
Feeling blessed and surrounded by love thanks to and
Hopefully gunna be gettin some clan matches goin this weekend!!!!
Wow I was just wishing for a new Shins album. What should I wish for next?
back off haha it's a great show.
Mother fucker! I accidentally added someone on FB. I hope they don't get notification e-mails cuz no.
going to see American Reunion today! :D
Lets go Charlie Batch
Alright my glamorous entourage out there in twitterland....im officially back in action!! Free hair/makeup//lifetstyle tips are a flowin!!
well, I can give it a try.... thanks....
In history, trying to study for Spanish. Twitter keeps interrupting me!
I feel that with passion. Follow back
just used my giftcard! Thanks so much!
I'll talk to the head honcho (Mr. D) tomorrow and see what he thinks!
Beers on the screened-in-porch.
Although lacking defense this #RoseBowl game is much more interesting than LSU-Bama round one. That game was an SEC stinker.
rather, follow me real quick so I can shoot you a DM pretty plz
I just murdered a TREX or at least ran over one.
Needed some good news! RT That's all for the day lobster lovers! Tomorrow at L'Enfant Plaza (7th & Independence)
RT In case you did not know? You are still my favorite trainer! Much love "eehhhh heemmmmm"
Have you looked at my game saynplay? Great for artic practice and home version is available.
that. Is. Awesome.
Nobody else has such objective, creative & holistic programming! Why I #loveMPR Happy V-Day to you all.
The rain has cleared 4 now. Taking some time to enjoy paradise and give thanks for all those who have and continue to serve-TYG!
thing is, there are entrenched interests that want to keep govt interface difficult to preserve their bus. model. (Turbotax)
RS1 authored Maroon Prime, a ONE man piece, re the rise of Jean Jacques Dessalines, hero of Haitian independance.
I'm making this trip bearable by listening to One Direction.
Last man standing
Win prizes tonight, 9pm, from , , , at SEX TRIVIA!
PTL: is here.
Lebron has got to have the ugliest mouthpiece. Snaggletooth.
The River by Garth Brooks on WCVH.
ugh , damn man . this hurts lf .
the theory could lead to tru cloning and not just a genetic clone. Let's clone the soul and see what happens.
You can't touch music, but music can touch you.
He Touched Jerry.
J.P.P.? I am NOT down with Juan Pierre's Pussy thank you very much!
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work-Thomas Edison
I have to put my cereal in the bowl before the milk, it's the law of food.
Can't wait to see tonight at Aladdin Theater!
Oh yanno just teaching my sister how to work the toaster..
I was out n about!!! How have u been?
Music is the soul of language. Max Heindel
♪♫♪What if its lost behind words we can never find... what about now? What about today?♪♫♪
oh god. working out first thing this morning was the worst possible idea.
You may not be perfect but you are perfect for me, and I'm grateful to call you mine! <3
Sounds like a typical public library day. lol
that was one ugly win, #jayhawks, but i'll take it.
I have NHO and ADM201 beginning of next week. So Thursday or Friday works with me.
There’s nothing more pleasurable compared to a tiny social gathering out on the particular deck on a nice morning
exactly what BC said
POSTPONED: Rock to Rebuild #Haiti benefit moved to March b/c of weather. Stay tuned or check our website for more info: baltimoreacts.org
I'd make it just to see that no one else does... But I probably won't use it.
Really though?? Look where you are then look where they are ? I could understand if you said that about Lil B but not them.
Come and get it Hyde Park!! Mama is parked at 57th and Ellis in front of The Reg!
Thought to ponder: How many of us work to make a better living but forget to work towards a better Life? Coach Terry
In #emac we have "at bat," "on deck," and "on the holodeck."
And there is the State Journal's 2011 All-Area girls co-athlete of the year's take on the move to Green Bay. Thanks,
haha for real! im glad ur awake with me i need someone to keep talking to while this video loads..si no me quedo dormida..haha
and then publicizes it ;-)
I'll go to bed now. Laterzz.
Watch the nationally televised Kings vs. Thunder showdown. Can the Kings slow down KD?
Your mom -----> would hit it :) Happy Birthday again.
Hope all of you #Owls had a good Manic Monday!
yupyup u go hard lol but u know that already lovein it like a fat kid love cake
it's the little things in life!
Can't turn over the ball twice under 2 minutes when you are up by 7. Better bring it at home.
Thing about me is im not obligated to deal with nobody games either you get your shit together or get left, I can do bad by my dam self!!
I love the way we can just look at each other and know that we love each other with out even saying a word.
You need to start tweeting again, we need some inspiration!
If you add bay leafs to the flour container the flour will remain free from moisture.
We have a lot of upcoming events in December! Check out our website for more information: www.sincitycrossfit.com.
Father of a Commerce City baby presumed dead talks to CBS 4. The phone call he got from the baby's mother from jail. Tonight at 5.
A quiet Sunday, tomorrow I have a lot of work !!
I would never turn down a hug from Josh, mostly bc 9-year-old me thinks he's the Burger King.
": #Brewers hearing that Jimmy Rollins is staying with Phillies' this is great news. Hopefully its true.
following! :D
I've already played I Wanna Dance with Somebody 34 times. It's been two days.
I wish lunch could last forever
I was born in the wrong decade
Why do I always get so hungry when drunk?
Advice on how to get this cat into a carrier, I need it now.
We have a HUGE HOLIDAY WEEKEND in the works! Friday is #BigHairNight and Sunday is Take Over with &
Yes- beneath this veneer of coolness/brutality, I am in fact a sweet, sensitive soul. Please tell that to my probation officer.
Brewers win Game 1. All baseball t's $9.95! www.brewcityonline.com
i made u something for facebook ill tag u in (:
Having dinner in remembrance of miss ya.
baker was incredible in her play today. Congrats on a successful run! So talented.
harry: what is your favorite starter up coversation. lewis: will you marry me. harry: simple. but effective. lmfao!1
Work out endorphins are da bomb! One of my favorite things in life...
Love it calls Daniel Day Lewis D-Day!
i promise i will support you forever xoxo.
He's not washed up or done yet
my iPhone broke so I'm not on like age..how r ya? haha
Things not done that may or may not get done: Death Valley in springtime; climbing Shasta or Whitney; longer visit to Joshua Tree.
Liking #freegetzy movement, much improved with the straight up stance and can get balls to his left, Yuni
It's not truly the holiday season until I've watched A Charlie Brown Christmas.
#Thatmoment when I walked into Sams kitchen and see that one person standing there looking right at me smiling. That moment... Is over(:
Hardcore brainstorming session with our dev team. We may have had way too much or we're just really hyped up, can't tell.
Damn my cousin kayla beat this girls ass nd sent her to the hospital nd now shes going to court for battery :O
what do you want me to do? Are you a friend on FB?
YA: Great direction again ! YA wast flawed in writing and casting (Theron was terrible). Probably ur worst movie till date.
Aud's unknowingly teaching herself imposition as she puts pages together to make a book...kind of makes me want to throw away my new Kindle.
I like your avi
Sitting in class trying not to fall asleep
If I could just buy all the jackets, I would be completely at peace.
Not that im crazy enough to go bald , I would be ugly without hair lmao
Venmo is in great company! RT Products I have been introduced to in SF so far:
I enjoy playing Words With Friends on Facebook now......WHEN people are actually ONLINE to play.. :/
Bryce Harper was 2 years old when Mariano Rivera made his major league debut.
I love Brendan James.
I'm pretty sure we aced that exam. Maybe now we both should be lawyers. J. Walsh would be proud.
yezzir these things are dope as fuck
Gross. The Chocolate Waterfall at Golden Corral is probably full of boogers and scabs.
trying to follow everybody under the age of 90. Grandpa doesnt do over 90!
Are fewer people able to correctly use "fewer" vs. "less," or am I simply becoming more sensitive to it?
Best vocals without a beard is our category!
'tis a great book.
11 k's for latos what a game!
You are hilarious right now. When u said, KBYE, I didn't realize u were talking to me until I got the dial tone.
scarily easy to do! RT I'm not so slowly becoming addicted to
Taking my kids to Ringling Museum.
& I was your first follower :)))
You're welcome! It was interesting - and indicative of the growth of the home care trend we've been seeing for a while.
Me too! Thanks again!
#ghettocrayoncolors Bad Tv reception black
I think the rest of the world finally caught up to where was 50 years ago.
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I would help as many people as i can..sharing is caring =)
Start the holiday weekend early at Wet Stone! Lunch starts at 11am...
I just found out someone in my family is a free murderer.
#waystomakeagirlsmile Be there when she wakes up
Looking forward to my massage in the morning. My back is so sore.
Thank you for supporting FIve Nights in Maine!
if you dont give a fuck about anything life will be alot easier.
Hey everyone, welcome to the Funny Facts Finder Twitter page!
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions
good morning beautiful
Thats a really solid trade for the Ravens wouldn't you say? Evans could really open up other receivers for Flacco too.
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: Ohh my god!! This song can make a grown man cry!
Thanks a lot for the mention!
#FromThisDayForward I dont care what people think about me.
Moms always trying to ruin everything.
coltrane and stats. i'm still a social research dork.
Come to tampa 9
What kind of pizza?
Looks like you are making up for lost time, my friend! ; )
Thanks brah, there's more where that came from
It's Official...The USA Has Been Renamed. It is Now the USSR (United States Socialist Republic) Thanks Mr Obama.
Dude you better love me cuz when you get your graduation present from me you're forreal gonna die! 😍😍😍😍😍😍
The privilege of a lifetime is being who your are
[ Wale voice ] RT : I want to see something else in you before I invest in you.
Open house today had been going well!
Want to be totally an out of the box thinker? It does not come overnight. You have to be out of the box/unique with almost everything you do
I wanna leave my footprints on the sands of time.
Attending Mother's Day Brunch. Looking forward to it!
Hahahah This guy was a dope head that was a musical genius ?
now follows because #blackWOMENrock!
I don't need to pretend to be Irish for that.
": Thanks again to for taking such good care of the FWG fam last night." No thanks needed, it was our pleasure!
how are u today
Exit row AND a window seat?! Must be my lucky day.
Thanks for the follow!
When is the best time to tell someone you love them? Answer: Before someone else does.
LOL, count me in. What about vaginas? Shouldn't we be influential about vaginas too?
Planning the greatest winter break ever. Road trippin to California with an old pal. On another note,
Uecker is hilarious... love him. :) "It's kind of a Schwarzeneger-type thing. Beefcake, speedo, pretty buffed. It's really enhanced."
“: is currently a home run away from the cycle tonight” GO ERIC!
or just call me at 641-1581
just left. I love cuddling up with him and napping for a few hours :)
Thanks for the RT! It's always good to hear that businesses love Florida!
Thanks for the follow! Love your #branding tips.
Gm everybdy thank god for another day
Bitches be purpin like they REALLY party.. -___-
Can I put "gets drunk while tweeting at hotel bars" on my resume?
“: Hey L.A. > : Where is a good place to buy live lobster?” King Fish in Glendale
Fyi, I give ZERO fucks about people saying "nasty" things about me or meeting Christian singles. #LeaveMeAlone!!!!
UNC students line up for chance to see Obama
UI seems much more streamlined, I'm liking it.
I've been one of Bogues' biggest fans, but it's hard not to LOVE this trade
thanks for the suggestions. We'll aim for at least one -- have a favorite?
I painted my nails blue last night for the first time since we went to icon:'(
I actually hadn't hear of #pinterest (shame on me), it looks interesting & fun though!
But don't tell me you liked "Angles."
checking out the #rallyforsanity on the tube.
sorry about that! Have a great day!
I'll have to check that out!
Mm lightning ;)
not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol
I want to give a shout out to my lil Cuzin
eight hours in the studio! finally done. songs soon?
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH!
I am the reason instagram shouldn't exist
me n my friends asked some random dudes in the park if we could geta picture with them and they said sure! hahahah
QoTD: "The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender." (Pat Summitt)
finally listened to album from front to back.
Lets hope Big Show chockslammes Big Johnny off the ledge just like he did to KUrt Angle back in 2004. #raw <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Go team go!! Turkey and Friends is past the first rest stop on the 100 mile bike MS challenge!
TONY LUCCA ROCKS!!! Bought the song, great rendition, and yesterday with Adam FABULOUS
Bacon pop rocks! Yes! From Atwood Cafe at Baconfest Chicago. And yes, they were good. So much fun!
When you're so tired you could sleep on the copy machine
Why is it that the people that talk the most shyt, aint really shyt...
BRIANDA. I MISS TALKING TO YOU EVERYDAY. :(
Can you come hear me teach/preach on worship and the temple at Union next Wed at 9am... And critique me for class?
Just came from golden corral that shit was good
"RG3" may have an arm, but he can't use it when he keeps getting sacked
Hanging out @ Phat Phashuns in SWATS for the Grand Opening, a lot of hott women in the house and waiting for the strippers. 3050 MlK Jr. ...
Sometimes my teeth hurt when I play guitar.
I just saw your tweet about chi comic con...I don't think it'll work since we prob won't be done moving by then.
I need a new cycle-cross; mine was stolen last year
act like a lady, think like a boss.
hello! hope all is well! have a great 2012!
I save all year so I can follow my packers in running for number 1 diehard packed fan lol
RG3 is rocking a periwinkle suit, a plaid shirt and a striped tie. The colors don't match. Quite the #nfldraft ensem. Bold fashion choices.
Just ordered Michael Caine's acting in film. Trying to be the best I can be at this.
The square with the girlfriend and the shawty
That's amazing news! Good for you!
awesome, let me know whenever you upload some. Hope you've been well :)
S/O 2 you hard at work!!!
I will respond.
Bill would authorize pilots at Grossmont-Cuyamaca Community College District and the San Mateo County Community College District
-SCORM looses it's perch as most 1337 module - had to happen someday :-)
Whenever I see the dude on the #Clemson MBB team with dreads I instinctively wince at the memory of Ray Sykes . .
I'm addicted to reality tv...
Quite unimpressed w/ sore throat I have developed this evening~[after 2 nights w/ sick kiddos crawling into my bed]~ Not cool man- not cool!
dad lives here xx
RIP Steve Jobs.
My first trip of the summer is to Birmingham to play golf with my buddy, Jim Smither. Excellent way to kick off the season.
Woot! We're excited (and dashing to get ready)!
Maureen Dowd's latest column has a link to textsfromhillary in it. I give up.
My PC was in the shop...Just got it back,,,FTW!
dental surgery, eye doctor appointment, two parking tickets, and now stuck in traffic on the way to work. Tuesday is not my friend
Thoughts and prayers tonight for family and friends who are dealing with severe, life-threatening weather in the mid-west.
love that song
Oh..so sad!
Thank You for following me!
I'm an idea person-I am full on them.
i do not like to study
Tour Kick Off's ( The Eleven): Tomorrow=Sohns/The Grasshopper Lies Heavy, Wed=Hydra Melody/Montauk, Thurs=We The Granada.
Anyone using Buffer for tweet scheduling?
Happy Monday to you too! Hope you have a great one!
You wanted to see a game winning drive from him with 1 min left, that just happened
Don't beat up up too bad, I'm just a sales guy. <~ dude from Lenovo to me at tablet showcase lmao
All hail, workers of the world!
"Come unto me"? Okay then. I come w/ chocolate on my face & toilet paper stuck to my shoe. I crawl, I stumble, I hobble, I fall. But I come.
Top End Terminator Titanium Wheelchair Reviews | off road custom ...
Hey can I get yours and Taikis number I got a new phone.
ah fuck that actually, we owe YOU guys shots after that show. Really great. We're at Rasselas across the street...jazz and shit
Will send an update when I get it done, probably tomorrow (hopefully!?)
Ppl keep thinkin I'm a mime w a green face but rly I'm The Mask from a specific scene
This week has bent me over a barrel and shown me the fifty states. I need to refresh. Also I have this strange urge to listen to R. Kelly.
Happy Mother's Day beautiful fairy friend!!!!! I love you
at my dads .. U over ur moms?
Detroit, MI is now in my sales territory. Bad news is it's 3 more hours out. Good news? Big new account, all growth. Cha-ching!
im serious... I have to focus on school... I dnt have time for boys
hahahaha that was so annoying
def the best so far... “: VW with the working-out dog was brilliant.”
WORK AT HOME TIP: Put a small amount of money aside regularly to help you through the "lean months."
Instead, fear the Lord and turn away from evil..
for your mktg peeps: MT is looking to fill 2 marketing specialists and 2 sales positions immediately fb.me/16QGJwMos
gotta give her props she aint quittin on that shit haha she making that sub look hella stupid!!
Mom and dad just signed me up for advanced puppy classes at I am so excited to go learn and play!
Water has a taste that you can't explain.
i posted once on mine. Kinda like getting to a party before anyone else you know shows up.
Need some
What are your messages?
jen, thanks so much. i'm super excited to make the back yard cozy and fun.
Fork lifts to get three drum decks on stage? Really? I need to go home.
And if you notice, none of them are wives. lmbo
i like my kush strong
Thanks! I'm excited :)
Oregon social worker helped patient with HIS personal needs, set up facebook accnt, fed cat .. action reduced hosp visits
way to take teen mom to whole new level
I would get up and work out or cook dinner if the kitty would stop being so damn sweet and adorable!
Why am I awake?!
Newt Gingrich: I've have more experience in voting for failed proposals than you guys.
#josephkony. know the name. hate the man.
Tripels are my favorite
Alright let's go steelers
Stupid people piss me off.
word. Preach. <3
New client meeting this morning! Excited for some coffee. Happy Monday everyone. :)
Happy Father's Day=]
I wish I was from Hawaii. Hawaiian have instant chemistry when they meet each other off the islands!
oh lol well wait til you see him in person, you won't be freaked out. He's adorable.
#Goodmorning Ladies & Gentlemen :)
#TheThingIHateMost closed-minded people.
{waves distractedly} Thank you, thank you. {wanders away}
Aww, shucks. Thank you, Rosie. You inspire me. You're pretty amazing, Lady.
Fabulous suggestions and beautiful photos :) Thanks for sharing!
Forever getting yelled at by my mom for the dumbest reasons..
try by swallowing your saliva. almost like a big gulp. that should help
We won best charity with attitude for the Best of ABQ! Come out to Burts Sat. night and celebrate with us!
Today I've heard: Can I have one skim cappuccino? Answer I got: we only have non- fat and regular!
Movie was str8
I know! :D hehe
I had a bit of a problem with the video of Versus Leviathan's interview. It isnt a good quality. Ive tried my best to enhance it... but
6th man of the year?
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?15
Y'all bogus !!!
Time to call it a night. "It's a night." ;) Hope yours is a good one!
Nice one!
": yes it is! And u ain't respond to me Missy"Lmao oops when u coming next game Wednesday
Hi Luka's mom. Can I have your contact information, I would like to discuss Luka's singing career.
glad I skipped it!
why is the ocean salty?
I'll watch later!
thanks for letting me copy ur Spanish :)
I really hope my fellow #libertarians are wrong on Net Neutrality, because if they aren't, the internet is going to suck
ALL librarians are certainly equipped w/ the tools (namely a propensity to help others) to be great activists; I hope yes.
What does it mean to study music in a liberal arts environment vs. a conservatory environment? Curricula should address this.
well thank you so much for the compliments! do you have our cd yet?
I miss the old band from free credit score .com these new guys suck :(
If you dont know who is,YOU NEED 2 #GETWITHIT.I DONT CARE IF YOU HEARD OF THEM AND DONT LIKE THEIR Music U STILL NEED 2
Delighted to hear George Takei speak at #pcaaca!
Just past through Groit.
Why is every disagreement "a war" and every anomalous event "an armageddon"? How about some perspective?
A ugly confident women
I took someone pictures but deleted it since I needed space on my disk and duh the person just called me to asked about the pics lmao
Wow! Way to go VCU!
It depends on the mood...Mixologists usually have great advice for us. It's Summer so we like drinks with cucumber!
All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me.
Book your party 5/5 and receive $100 in free product!!
or Frank Drebin
thanks for the follow!
great advice :)
“: Hold up Hold up Hold up Hold up Hold up Talk 2 the mofo hand... U talkin to a grown a** man”- LoL
The weekend's here started it right, even if I only get part of it right. live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight!
Off to the Badger game!
Praying for whatever you're going through right now. He'll never put more on you than you can bear. Be encouraged. Love you Cuz!
lmao at least he likes his Sagittarius's we got hope!! L
is in the dark.
Why is this restaurant showing Insanity workout commercial..while I enjoy my fattening brunch with my sons # justwrong
yeaa me too, i be ready to GO ! .. but this year or next year my skoo makin summer start in june & end in august likee o.O
An ill mannered convict came up to Mad Jack and said, Play me some of that harp. Mad Jack replied, fuck off and with that the two convicts
The message just sent me>>>>>
"Mirna, loved the post �some oldies but goodies and bunch of new ones too! Great job"
Broncos are going to win this one I bet a stack on it ! Thank you tebow!
": All my girls that I wanna go out wit either pregnant or jus had kids n aint bout that life right now. Ughh!" Ugh mine too
Today's tip: When you make your food goals, be positive, list what you can eat not what you can't.
Once again a Bartlett error costs the PAdres the game. Then Hudson shows why he needs to be cut.
"CJ Sapong MLS Rookie of the Year"!!! Love hearing it said everytime just like does. #stillsoproud :-)
We still have some left. I don't think it will last much longer.
Projekt.com has the new Makaras Pen cd! If your a shoegaze fan, check it out on iTunes..
Feel so good in this bed I don't wanna get out ! I got things to do :/
David Guetta+gym=insane workout!!
but why?
"I used to love Doggy Chow, too!" [Touch chips together] #WhereYouDanceAtDarlin?
This was before the goal. --> RT : Hey ! Have you booked #USWNT for the show yet? Better get on that.
dude you shoulda heard the voicemail I got.
last I checked, refs can red card players in soccer
Marty Sklar wrote and took out the first Guided Tour at #Disneyland. Jack Lindquist and Dick Nunis took out the following two.
Absolutely RT Worst thing about Weinergate is that Breitbart & his dishonest minions will use this to excuse past dishonesty.
First one up today and already dressed sippin coffee!! Yay me!
New song called Thats Swagg is gon to really put things in proper prospective. We Do This Mixtape comin soon
The key to unlocking your team's true power is the embracing of its diversity. www.mikehensley.org
Dah get the lamb chops
"That's probably why all the kids have freaky hair and pierced... Well, pierced things."
Nope. What's the science behind them?
RT : Epcot had two boxes of Animation out yesterday around 5pm.
Have a safe trip!
Thank you Donald!
yeah sure!
doesn't that idiot chick realize that c* is the worst thing a woman can be called.
Real Estate Investing Training Video: Mark Whitten Wholesales Houses in Tampa, Fl.../pE8c2jY via
I probably recommend the legal and economic thought chapters of AoF to people lately more than any single other book.
good morning!
What's a "Santorum"?
“: There's no point in trying to keep getting someone's attention when they're clearly not thinking bout you”
good read? What's the genre?
thanks so much for following us! -Jared, P143
Ain't nothing but a gangsta party 
Free drinks all night baby Let me know when u need saved. The word is banana pancakes
"You may not be responsible for getting knocked down, but you're certainly responsible for getting back up."
and at every intersection!
Okay played my song im good now
Where do you follow the UFC? I don't really want to shell out the $$$ for the PPV...especially for this fight
can today just be over already ? #definitelynotmyday ...but you at least make me feel better... #ihaveaprettyamazingfriend <3
But let me get to the point, lets roll another joint And turn the radio loud, Im too alone to be proud You dont know how it feels to be me.
that is the Core of Being a part of this MULTI-deminsional (Spiritual) Human Experience @ this point in Time. Ride the wave, be a part of IT
Parts of this doc ab are hilarious, 2 yrs later. Like the part a/b how google opted out of social because that's not what geeks do.
" You're gonna make me reach the climax "
I want a follow back! I would die if you did!!! Please and thank you!!!!!! :)
Roughly 1.5 days left in 2011, still not too late to fulfill your #newyearsresolution from last January!
power out at East Potomac pool. Not allowing anyone in until it's fixed.
My pickup line for the weekend. Delivered deadpan.
Aetna CEO: Gamification and social media work well for health
Open data now being talked about via and it's importance in Democracy.
Going to sleep already. Night night y'all! Xoxo
Unsure when someone's service animal is legit or when to grant access? We can help your business and your staff! Contact us
Fire Marshall warns of carbon monoxide danger. Urges all homeowners to use CO detectors as required by new state law.
Be nice :(
ohh then y are they starting crap....
Blink182 is sound checking at Kimmel right now and it's making me feel old.
I keep asking the same question. Who is he, and what is being done to him?
Haha glad you enjoyed it buddy!!! Come on by whenever you want were open till 3am Wednesday to Saturday!
Is there more to #chaos theory than "(*$%*! happens"?
Wishing a very happy birthday to our co-chairperson Diane! We appreciate you and Julie and all you two are doing to make InnoTech great.
and when is MKE's largest fish fry?!? that's a must.
you realize now I'll be like the only one without a kid. Thanks for that! :-p
#Mediaho preemptive strike backfires! No show tonight after all, oh well, a lesson in PR on a Friday, at least there is
yo she almost made me shout & cry tears of joy. I called his name bout 50 times cuh lol
The commercials during the Grammys tonight SMOKE the Super Bowl commercials.
hell yea where you at
Hear Hear!
But you can totally send me a drawing in Draw Something while u lounge
“: People with big smiles live longer.” don't know if I believe this .. Does this mean they are happier
Lmao RT": Say something else and these balls slamming on yo forehead ."
Why am I so fckin tired?
I am less agitated with Timeline today...Oops, I mean I love Timeline a little more today than yesterday.
It's my birthday! :D
We'll be in Staten Island w/ volunteers to plant thousands of trees tmrw w/ , ,
you can!! Well you can see the other Wexford idk about our specific houses
Just got out of bed, ate a bowl of cereal and now I'm ready to go back to bed!!!
followed! but you're not following me. haha! :)
yes like a mad man haha...miss u!!!
I dunno :o I just heard that its coming out in november :o
Ouch. Gov. Perry could not remember the 3rd federal agency he would eliminate if president, even after given a 2nd chance to recollect.
Microsoft's search engine Bing means "virus" or "disease" in Chinese.So it is called Bi ying which means "responds without fail".
Thinking about attending #LearningSolutions? Your friends can get you a discount or even for FREE! Ask us how.
Here we go Blackhawks, game 1
(in reference to the clothing item called a "romper")..."You should wear that bouncer...jumper...what is it? A bungalow?" -
sho did call me
Oh my god i freakin' love florida
Yup and r u unfollowing me? I can't msg u.
#HowToGetRejected Have No Money And No Life For A Girl
I'm just glad there's a bed available on Sunday night. Holy busy week, batman.
Green Living is not just about the environment, it's also about personal health. Green means People, Pet & Planet safe!
Blue Ivy is already wearing a weave... #aww!
explain that to me then.....
Hey, , , and -- please go have a weekend now.
Big Alex shouldnt have canceled.....
Great to hear! I bet you can't wait to finish it all to move on to being a prof.
#NP John Legend Another Again **swaying**
i will be doing a show may 18th at the mad frog message me to get your tickets now
I Love You Guys ! You are Amazing ! <3 :)
Thanks for the RT during #Tchat - was an interesting topic.
Who is ready for an extraordinary day? Tell me what you are most looking forward to today....
“: Thanks for the awesome time at #OnDeck fans.” we should thank u my fellow Canadian!
"A poor man's hovel is another, wealthier man's tax shelter"
ROMNEY DID NOT INVENT STAPLES BUT HE FIRED A STAPLER ONCE
#SchoolMemories getting good report cards
Happy Holidays from the mphoria team!
Reading reading reading writing reading reading...
I'm so sad bout Whitney.i want 2 say Gone too soon but i no: our steps are ordered by the lord.. whitney Elizabeth Houston - Well Done! RIP
That's a good one. With works in progress, I always worry there's a scene I forgot to write down but think is in there.
Yesterday, I learned that tutus aren't just for the ballet. They are also for St. Patty's Day.
Rondo today has the first 20 ast / 17 reb game in NBA history.
Liquigas Cannondale bike is very pretty. Very simple compared to a lot of them.
ah man, I'm watching E.T. and something keeps getting in my eye.. like, dust or something. *dab*
I see you googled my name.. i tried yours nothing pop´d up
tell that hubby of yours that I said congrats!!
RT : Watch the people you hang with.. You are who you hang with. Are you the strongest one in your circle ?
..girl training me is not really explaining anything to me :/ she gets SO flustered when I ask questions. She's who I'm replacg
It's sad that with time and space people will often reveal exactly who they are. Especially when you thought more highly of them.
Hi Everyone. How was your weekend?
I think I'll leave this week
Happy #FF to Travesty and —all featured in our latest issue!
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." ~George Bernard Shaw~
I came home from school to a fully-charged iPod with a brand new case. #ThatsRare #ThanksMom (:
Hey Nyle err Billy err Gary err Harrison err Kip err Bubba err Dane err Rick err Marty err Peter. How are you Martin? Err Jay?
Me too! You are a great host! RT : Thank you guys for last night! We had a lot of fun
thank you!!! xxoo I need Twitter 101! LOL I still haven't mastered this! Hope Cali is treating you well! : )
So bummed I don't live in Nashville right now :(
what's the best secret santa gift you've ever given or received? ($20 limit excluding gift cards)
yum that's nothing xD I've done more
sorry about that guys. It's all set. Thanks for giving us the heads up!
Lazy afternoon watching one of my all-time favorite movies: The Usual Suspects
Happy Social Media Day to all our followers! Come in for a refreshing iced tea today to celebrate!
almost done. hang in there!
NNMIL is on "The Twitter" FOLLOW
hey I am a songwriter can I send you a couple records
Good stuff, and good luck!
The Kardashian Family Hits Vegas to Unveil Khaos Store (PHOTOS) It was a Kardashian event of epic proportions … and no, it wasn ’t th
it is like watching a train wreck happen before your eyes
"I'm smart! I can handle things!"
very excited to connect with everyone at next week's conference! Looking forward to it!
she got an ass on her and she pretty in the face i spend some cash on her it aint nothin to a nigga awhh yeah
I guess that's cheaper than buying the CD.
When will people realize that if they something people will move . Instead of just standing there making faces
Told me bye tho .. lol . #Classic .
well done Mr. Rice ;) *crowd cheers* #positivetweet LOL
I am a genius ☺
HEY I SEE UR ON UM ANYWAYS I KNOW UR FULL OF FANS BUT IF U DO HAPPEN TO SEE THIS REPLY? U DONT HAVE TO THO I UNDERSTAND :)
yes we do!
It's good to be back...
HELLO TWEETERS TODAY IS CHATTYLINDA09's BIRTHDAY. THIS IS A BIRTHDAY SHOUT OUT FOR HER. HAVE A HAPPY BD LINDA
...this itching, aching feeling will not disappear until I write my stinking heart out.
Jeans, Tee, flip flops, n my homemade jewelry. Can't wait to not worry about being cold! You wouldn't believe!!!
rememberd when i said i'd go outside and yell i love sam pottorff? i did, now my neighbors stare at me weird. lol
This Thursday, March 1st at 10:00 a.m. is the grand reopening of Philbrick Hall (formerly Philbrick Popular Library) at Central Branch.
We are #ripcity Come Blazers!!!
“: All women are crazy! #Nondebatable” been learned that bro
Markland Hanley and its founders listed in Bar Register of Preeminent Lawyers in Product Liability
Dear God, WHY do you know that? We're breaking up. RT oh no, grandma wrinkles died??
Yeah(: People are being really selfish about this!
Family Dollar you will be my bestfriend as I come in Desperate need of some hardcore cleaning supplies !!
;o I wish!How do you make that the smiley face is in 3D?(;
I'm still stranded at home...for a while I guess. It's not doing much for my morale. eh..
I've been waiting for a tweet from you for the last 30min
Absolutely - we'll have dedicated program pages coming to our site this summer. Until then, it's all on the student pages.
it does suck. oh well, next time ill get caffe vanilla
#WorstRapLineEver Any lyric uttered by the disease that is
Worked with Tony Randall and got his autograph for my mother, who complained that it did not begin with, “Dear Gert!”
am I invited?
PRAISE THE LORD.
** Free at walmart & Sam's, watch www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk, enroll at www.dowsite.info need help call corky 417-358-1250
don't say fml, theres someone out there that wants your life and/or is glad you have it <3
You are absolutely right! ;)
is that hashtag "i'm old" or "i mold"?
he's in Boston for the next few months filming so I feel good about my chances- lol!
When ur in love the only person u could thinl about is u and him being together :)
On my way to Level 2 to shake my ass. *popping bottles*. I see this being retro Nina circa 1999. Ah well.
Ha! Exactly! :)
They saying I fell off?....oh I needed that!
huh? english please lol
Thanks for following although I'm a lefty. LOL Go Giants!
Break a leg on your opening of TOMMY tonight!
Let's get back in the W column!
Multiple mentions of surveillance here at #cdp21. I'd like to note that using the wireless gives permission to log your traffic
can you please actually do this?
Off on another adventure with my son, bbl.
PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND PLEASE
I love when a player comes up after a 4 pitch walk and swings at every pitch he sees until he is retired.
Some people think that holding on makes us stronger, but sometimes it is letting go.
I'm watching old Harry & Alfie videos oh my goodness they're adorable
Yes! Do it!
I want a beige inspector gadget jacket
You're in my house... I'm done with you
have a good day at Arkon today :)
applause applause !
My sisters sitting on the couch BALLING bc of Vampire Diaries
you're Gorgeous! I ♥ your makeup Liz! =D
Them trees last night>>>>>>
thanks for supporting my music, filmed on The Nashville Spotlight yesterday, so much fun!!
Merry Christmas Gorgeous !!!! Hoping it's your best one EVER !!!
Goodmorning 😍 don't be scared of thunder I've got youu.
lmaoooo y left early
I'm telling you I make myself laugh! Lol
RT : #libchat Q4 Get the lib work experience before graduation. Pursue what you believe in!
i suspect age has a bit to do with it too, perhaps as much as religion. Maybe even more.
Mad respect for the MLS fan. Although I hate Columbus (Michigan grad)
Explore Helmut Barnett Artist Page via I'm meeting him for lunch today. Lots to talk about.
sup homie? you in the chat room?
Watched the husband watch football all day. He did get the lawn from hell mowed before kickoff for UofM. My hero!
Mediocrity will find you again eventually. Best defense is a good offense: virtuosity.
Spring break is coming up for the ALC. What a great chance to read a new book!
Shakedown Street sample on the new album! I want royalties and executive producer credit though
WOW thanks so much and for the USB ;) This the most recent release?
even if i'm not a kid, I'm compelled to buy the book!
Hope feels better soon. 😘
you'll be okay:)
The dreams I've had last night <<<<<<
#NF those beautiful ass
Woul someone tell JR Smith to stop shooting threes?
yeah, these girls are amazing !
- attended "Art of the Agency Interview" with Tony Nation yesterday. Excellent! To do list totally revamped. Thanks.
there were 12 congressman who switched parties
why the changes in parking?
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
So does a little bit of Taylor Swift & Demi Lovato. :)
I sure like my Glock. ;)
I wish I could go to college and major in basketball 👌
@ ~ Good morning & thanks for the very kind mentions yesterday! Biscuits all around!
RT & if you haven't tried our Revolutionary Red, it's our happy hour wine tonight! $3 glasses until 6:30!
Are you Turkish?
For my Bengals followers. I have an Inaugural Game Panoramic Framed-September 10, 2000. Let me know if your interested. I have 4, brand new
Oh yes! RT : Getting my chest tatted today. Then rockin #Electik with !!
Just woke up bouta go to sleep
Yep, it works in all three main browsers.
do it! I'll be at the concert! She can come party.
Going to sleep right n
My legs are killing me ://
Had good brisket tonight for the first time since leaving Texas. Made me miss it more oddly enough :-/
If people don,t like the U.S leave,some still live here enjoying all the benefits,yet plotting to destroy the U.S.for religious Quackery?
What a terrible, hollow feeling it is to find out that a person from your high school class has died. We are all on a boat.
Its sad how many people are posing as celebrities on Twitter. Bro we're not stupid... the celebrities have the checkmark.
lets get Vegas married
Great Saturday Harry. Hope yours is the same.
why thank you! i think i need a twtr trainer. i just can't manage the pace!
way to go Javier and on your clothing line. Give these guys a follow, they're good guys
You got it dude! (Yes that was said like Michelle Tanner from Full House)
ou cant play on the road nuff said
new years bout 2 be here
Pumped up kicks!
"You're like a sucking chest wound, the only way to shut you up is to kill myself."
In the first few years in the English settlement at Jamestown, colonists built small, isolated, fortified structures- called blockhouses
If you didn't get tickets to the show tomorrow at Jammin Java, come see us play an acoustic set at our van outside the venue after the show!
Beastie Boys is trending in ONE place in the whole U.S. ...Minneapolis
is there such a thing as over connected?
because it's lame ;)
longest day of work ever at #vineyardvines.. time for the extra hour of sleep! hooray for gaining a hour!!
lol! U Can't be picky!
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. -
Thanks to everyone that came out last night to our acoustic show at the Auxiliary Art Center in Chicago, in celebration of Brooke's bday!
Scattered rain showers through tonight. Some gusty wind and small (pea-size) hail is moving through right now.
SportsBusiness Journal's Bill King says a Tweet won't make someone pay $240 for subscription. What about brand awareness?
Games provide situated experiences in which players are immersed in complex, problem solving tasks " -Kurt Squire
no idea where that is. But I'll find it. Better show me what you can do.
is that suppose to be a vagina lol
Looks like I'll be spending my day in Santa Monica... :-)
The joint is hopping! Come on down to the kids' lit festival!!!
I agree that Javascript has terrible warts, but I find prototypes & slots much simpler and more powerful than class/ivar
Embargo In Ft Worth tonight Live band playing Rock En Español and myself playing the rest of the tunes! Come party/hangout with us.
A pot of tea, a plate of cookies, #NewEnglandPatriots on TV, and a pile of #AASLH session proposals to review. Bring it on, 2012.
flipped is a cute movie c:
yeah! i wish i could've gone over to talk to you!
lol right. Cause that's the O-N-L-Y game they gone luck up on this year!!! Lol
Contemplate "what if"
A CAT has an IQ of 10. A LIBERAL has 11. Just so he wouldn't need a LITTER BOX.
Ur so busy we barely talk, but when you text me,its the most perfect timing ever.
Good Morning Twitter.(:
I'll folo you, you folo me. Or maybe you could just dance to some bluegrass.
Quite possibly the most exciting thing I've ever seen. I hate the Lakers and them being down by 28 points is just great.
Scary stat, awareness is what this problem needs.
that was still an AMAZING movie though.
come out and try some of our other pies at the market sometime!
Big news on its way! Watch our Twitter feed for some cool stuff tomorrow! We hate keeping secrets! Arrgh!
Who lives in Cali ? What time is it over there ? :).
Congrats and on the NBC deal. Now what about radio ?? When can we hear the games with pre and post cov on radio
It's DERBY DAY!! Come on down to the Cow and enjoy a tasty rita and a $10 sirloin as you watch the most exciting 2 minutes in sports!
IT'S BACK, WOW, When that happen???
We have the last middle school concert tomorrow.
Reading 'Don't Blink' by Patterson/Roughan. They really keep a story moving and sucking me in.
Perfect day for a BBQ - 78 degrees out today in Houston. These winters are tough.
Haha! If I had to choose 2 celebs it would be Miley and Demi or Demi and Carly haha ;)
Busy busy week coming up soon. Everything is happening so fast.
RT : We are excited 2 announce the website 4 the Model Systems Knowledge Translation Center (MSKTC) is now live!...
how is that possible? :(
I wore a military coat with two pistols and a bowie knife prominently displayed in my red sash. It was quite a sight, I am sure.
Babysitting a monster... #takeanap please
Partly cloudy skies tonight & a low of 40. Monday will be breezy, seasonable & partly to mostly cloudy with the chance for a few showers.
RT : BREAKING: We now hv on tap! We have 1881 American Red & the Capt. Black IPA.
Fastest national anthem ever #sharks #canucks wtf canada?
"Why don't i call/text anymore?!"... The phone works both ways, try it out."
I need 100! Help me out TKC!
Knows the UES literary underground. Snuggling up with my illicit finds even as we speak.
Are u serious?! I missed ustream?! 
Loved meeting you both-he's a very good cusser. I want to hear about YR writing. Let's get together when dean is away?
yeah I just kind of have a feeling when he does, and he does
i never played you...
I Cried When I realized I wanted to love you forever but couldnt =(
Remember the show the Marriage Ref?
I'm curious why the welcome email, which is the first thing people get, is such a pain in the ass to customize.
Our newest foster kitties - come in to say hi and play !!!
I don't like this tweet. The end.
moving 130 people into midtown manhattan apartments...what a day
.-. i cant figure out how to take Shelby's account off my phone. This is just fucking annoying. haha
we are excited to be playing with the new line up and set. hope to see everyone tonight
100 % of customers are people. 100 % of employees are people. If you don't understand people. You don't understand business.
did you watch?
a great message for this point in my life “: Don't ever be afraid to take the next step...#BeEpic”
First sighting of lightening bugs :)
I just wanna go home and eat my subway but no, I still have to cook and clean -_-
I miss yo face! xo
Hey to all Taylor Lautner fans next Saturday is his 20th birthday...just a reminder!
I wanna film today. Bout to hit Dre up & see what time we can make shit happen.
share Joy and today, carve out a small nitche to recharge your days.control your doors of as what appears to be the end is a starting a new
Sweet like cinnamon, like a fucking dream on ritalin
Checking in @
i got a DM from for an add to make money? wow.
Omg! They got married lol 2funny
“ My dad loves our our neighbor Vladamir so much, especially when he offers him russian vodka .” BRIANS NEW BFF<3
Whoa! This looks great, thanks Martin.
I have way to much "stuff"
I Wanna Trace My Fingers On Your Tatoos.
Amen! Don't live a life or be with someone that you're afraid to speak about. No growth can come from it.
Join us for Cuddletime this morning at 11:30, a great chance for parents and babies to connect and learn during this amazing storytime!
(Bcuz I know is some teenager) OMG...u need 2
Fact: If you type "do a barrel roll" into your Google search page, the whole page will spin.
- Way to go! Love to see our customers thrive!
<------This guy is going to New York City! :-D Hurry up July
He felt played and tried to play it off
Attn runners!!! -> RT : Any #running bloggers interested in helping for our Race for the Cure in September? DM for details.
which one are you talking about?
You know what chaps my ass? No? Oh well! When someone goes to a concert and acts too cool to be there. U aren't, so stay the F home!
Hoping On this Netflix though ...
Males tend to act like they don't care but deep down maybe they do. But us females tend to show our feelings from exploding out in tears.
Happy to be in Baltimore!
and all that frizzy hair!
SO glad won Best Ink, he was the best from the very start!
remember that time I got defriended?
Need a solid read, anyone have suggestions?
lol is he supposed to look like me or something?!
Tami gets drunk and becomes a wildebeest. Got it.
Do you shop ? Share your picks for best wedding sellers!
Just watched this week's episode of Community. One of the most amazing things I've ever seen on TV. Watch it now!
Ha ha. You're the second one to mention that.
Current Norfolk Rotation: Chris Tillman, Joel Pineiro, Steve Johnson, Richard Zagone, Jason Berken. Bound to change again soon.
loved the show tonight Jean. Waiting for the project.
She can drop that number in my DM
I LOVE YOU THX!
Hate being sick.
Trying to grab dinner with Spokane friends directly across the street from where PAX is taking place.. Not the best idea I've ever had.
I hope comes back to Miami soon. Wish I could've witnessed his presence tonight!
Finally off! Seemed like the clock wasn't moving. Gettin ready to go to NC in a few!
Just bought Stone Brewery's barbecue sauce! Can't wait to try... pulled pork for Memorial Day? I think so!
Well party peoples, my computer is not turning on and I need to recover my files- eeiikkk!!! Not givin up just yet though cuz JESUS SAVES!!
to resist is to piss in the wind..anyone who does will end up smelling. knowing this why do i defy? because my inner voice is yelling.
It's fine(:
Good morning, I hope evereyone had a great Christmas. I am looking forward to turning the calendar this weekend.
hot for teacher
Rumor has it Bayern has just appealed Terry's suspension for the CL Final.
check out www.vongrey.com....awesome band of sisters.
Just heard/saw big crash on 163n leaving Downtown SD. Fyi for news outlets & drivers trying to leave downtown. Car flipped on side.
Twitter rocks
App Friday on www.momswithapps.com . Learn more about family friendly iPhone apps...often with promo codes!
RT : G+, I still don't get the value prop beyond what XKCD said- like Facebook, but not Facebook. | Yes, but THAT is huge.
John Prine concert tonight at the Overture Center!
Can't deny that I want you but I'll lie if I have to~
It's very hard (not impossible, just very hard) to understand a particular social medium w/o using it.
Not a #Stoner Beeeitch.... But She Like Me Tryna Get That Final Cut Like Spike Lee :)
Man I Love Popcorn:))so yummy</3
This was before djgpp. Pretty soon I was on Linux doing the real thing :p
I hope he didn't have a wheezing attack.
Hey, nothing much, and what about you
dusttyyy is crazy talking guests... you not bula n I'm not hazel! Hello!
So...was it just me, or was the REALLY loud last night?! Well done, fans.
i text'ed you
what's up tonight?!
I would if my dad didn't live in such a ridiculously crap area, believe me I would be spending every day at Venice FML!
Phoney ass ppl
today I am going through all the fall fashion mags in prep for my first real fall in Chicago. would be proud.
Too close for comfort. U of L will have to play a lot better against Mich St. or St. Louis. Enjoy your night.
Played duck duck goose today ahha lml testing has everyone goofy afterwards
Lee at 1b and Ramirez at 3B - wasn't that the Cubs in the late 90s (12 years ago)?
:D RT : Hahahaha xD when they're selling the chocolate right?:p RT : Fish: "Hello?" Patrick: "I love you."
THANK YOU MY LOVE! Are you going to join us for Writing Club again next week? BECAUSE YOU REALLY SHOULD!
ixion's wheel.
What is the opposite of a hipster?
Welcome to twitter !!
good luck.
Obi-Wan did it before Tupac.
Want to see a bunch of librarians run, push, and shove? Come see the doors open at the free lunch.
Oh, ... "When the Shard is completed in April 2013, it will be the tallest inhabited building in Europe." He said "shard" ...
I do not understand why French is so difficult for me. They try to teach me, but I just can't learn it!
Thanks for the RT's y'all, I appreciate it!
cuz i think toast left gs
I'll give you benefit of the doubt. How many you getting out and can I have some of your drugs?
VIDEO: Live rowing: The Boat Race 2012
Bananas dying on my counter . . . anything to do other than banana bread?
6 minutes into the game, Gasol has already matched his rebound total in game six with three
Loved Miranda in "Merrily We Roll Along" tonight.
Pinterest has become a significant problem for me. "OMG, that is brilliant/delicious/beautiful and I must make/eat/buy it NOW!"
I'm 'suffering' from Cat On Keyboard syndrome this pm. All very cute, but it's not making the writing any easier. Throw him off or give in?
it may be 420 BUT we like the number 620. That's how many individual performance are in
In 2011, impacted 901 girls with the support of 271 adult volunteers in Madison Co. DM if you have other ??
O.O
Must Be Nice - Lyfe Jennings
Braces didn't make Austin hot. Austin made braces hot.
Almost Friday (:
Naw nigga I'm good son
- #RedSox are opposite of Tribe in "Major League". Instead of "lets win the whole damn thing",it's "win or lose, we're rich!"
Mowing the grass and out of breathe ,I need a new diet plan lol
what's that
#FollowFriday Have a super day!
Last day of West Coast Vacation! Heading to NYC tomorrow & ready to hire lots of extras
This certainly made my weekend a lot better! THANK ALL OF YOU!!!
Arrived #tedxhuntsville location-registration next
#ShomariStone is a total inspiration!
...i'd rather be at work right now with the kiddies.
OUR BOYS WON THEIR BRIT!:D INBETWEENERS DANCE GOO!
Family and friends are overrated.
Can we please stop calling clothing a investment? I don't think y'all know what that word means unless it's "investment in my vanity"
Change the world, or be changed by the world. Humble yourself or get humbled. One day at a time.
Shout me out! For more followers
Seems like I've had enough wine to forget I look like the koolaid man..not. Instead I spent 10mins stomping around my apt yelling"oh yeah"
Alec Guinness plays a Japanese man w/closed eyes and stuffed nose delivery, also L's=R's
Nigga starts licking my booty hole, he getting Kicked in the Face. Nasty fck lmao.
just watched Cyberbully...wow..
A heart in love hears music even when there is silence. - Tia Pilikian
I like that.
I put on some fake nails… I didn't think about not being able to play basketball with these things on :(
No one could ever make me feel this way... RT : Sure I've been in love a time or two, but in the end I still chose you.
okay thank you(:
which one?
me 2 but im watching pretty little liars so its helping me hahah
haha thanks! Home cooked meals are the best! And now I'm hungry haha
Mani-pedi today= yes!! I need this.
On the way to #sec12!
don't feed them! Especially not after midnight.
you wish you sing like your sister lmao
Looks like we'll be hearing the news helicopters in spades as tomorrow is May Day and protest season starts in earnest.
Read the books! By Jeff Lindsay.
Just ordered a 12 pack of tacos at taco bell! Ate the entire thing!
Done with work. Time for some food!!!
Well, sadly, we hadn't launched yet... But so glad to know you are not lonely anymore!!! ;) (But tell your single friends!!)
You always subtweet . Why can't I
GROSS RT : Would you be willing to take an injectable drug to get an instant tan? #Melanotan on
that's my background on my phone :) hehehe
Clintonville farmers market goes until noon!
I'm 100% 50/50 about going to the HRC Gala this weekend.
shows no results for 'Dont wana go home' but lots of results for 'Dont wanNa go home' - certainly not the best search algorithm
I'm lost in Buckhead and my husband won't answer his phucking phone.
I saw Westworld when it was first released. Creepy Yul Brenner. You could also think of it as intellectual source material for Jurassic P.
What do you do on your Sunday to chill out?
Prosecutors: Man who robbed Radio Shack tracked down using GPS he stole
I still think Kanye West is an absolute genius.
i just realized i was your first tweet. #honored lmfao
Hey everyone :]
I shoulda went out 2nite but I was too tired
“: Worst words to hear: "get on the end line"” so true yuna:)
Just deleted all negative sounds and whining hip hop that took up half my ipod. Optimism should never have enemies.
Thanks ! 5-10% of people remember a stat. 65-70% remember a story. You do the math...
Other than that Mrs Lincoln, how was the play? “:making fun of Jason Russell....what have you done to try and stop
GO BRAVES! Got that
If you decide to do any shopping today consider Forever21 for that special little in your life.
About to bbysit for this lady I hope her kids not bad. Shit I hope she pays good. Lol, we'll see.
followed u! <3
This week in teak; looking for a great Danish piece to round out your mid century collection? www.midcenturymobler.com
It seems EVERYONE is still texting while driving. It's frightening.
It's all in the game, right? Throwing in the series finale of
Haha Thanks:) I Made It!! And I Love Too!
I hate Frank Zappa. He inspired a generation of bands that sound like shit.
RT if you love your Granada Hills , CA fans!! We ALL<3you and the !! With all of our hearts!! Literally!
Close contest! S/O to !
Research has shown that exercise can help prevent heart disease, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, type 2 diabetes, arthritis, and more
Any stoners in Dallas?
Got a #PhilLesh signed poster on ebay today... I was on the only bidder! It was a poster on my "want" list too... so excited for tomorrow
Either #Assad or #MuslimBrotherhood controls #Syria. Damned if you do; damned if you don’t. US should not be involved. RT
Fri we are hosting karaoke night 11041 ables ln. Dallas,tx. 75229 food drink and amateur singing lol
I have no idea why she doesnt have Sal bussing. We dont need 4 dishwashers. Jakes our meat bitch. Im on crepes with Lamerica.
Thanks for the mention. The fantastic book it came from is Broken Open by Elizabeth Lesser.
Just got back from Squaw Valley. That resort is sick! Time to finish the details with the Poker Tourney this Sunday! Everyone should come!!!
you left me in tears tonight... Castle & Becket, finally...
If you are in Maryland come see our latest Flyer Fit designs by Martin Flyer at Smyth Jewelers in Annapolis….
I too am glad to see them out enjoying Paris but holy fuck too many papz waiting #jerkoffs #ParisLovesRobsten lol
Since Obama took office, private sector jobs decreased by 2,000,000, while federal govt employment INCREASED by 147,000! Wrong way, Barry.
f it's meant to happen, then it will. With the right person, at the right time
I'm ready to party ;}
Im lol tweets right now ! So true .....
u calling me fat? Lol
I am SOLD. Just ordered 's Limited Edition Puzzle Cube. It's so cute! <3
Shit...the Lakers won?? Alright National Guard and riot police....you're up!
Got me RT : well it is a leap year
#PennyAuctions are the new # eBay, when was the last time you were offered a product this far below retail value?
Santorum 16%, Gingrich 14% of the GOP Iowa poll. I guess people prefer fascists over fatasses.
Problem: running out of books. Many of them are int he public domain
Questioning everything. Accomplishing nothing. This has to stop.
S/O TO THE #WHOLETEAM GO FOLLOW THEM ASAP!!!
If this nigga try to peace me I'm a snap on em, lol.
Oh my god, im so getting a pug when im older! :)
Check it out: stry.us
RT: : Wow, This Female Really Said She's "Faded At Church." Yeah Cuhzz That's Something Cool & Respectful To Do.
need some cheering up since I am not feeling very well. Any ideas?
Hi Julie - I loved your "spread too thin" blog post and am so glad to have found you - very much grappling with same things...
Very cool.
We're leaving CATlanta to go to Blue Orleans! Leggo!
i was looking at forever 21 lol
At meeting of Fordham Digital Humanities Working Group listening to CIS colleague Yanjun Li speaking abt data mining research #dayofdh fun!
Stephon Marburry gotta statue in China
Twitter is made for games like this
it was the death of me.
thanks to for being a Facebook fan too! :)
Us too!RT: “: Grabbing yourself a late lunch at the dog house? What're you getting?We love the hot sausage with andouille sauce.”
Love u Bea
#Beets #detoxify your #liver! Try some on your salad!
Thanks for the suggestion! I'll pass this along to support. If you need anything from us, please email
When u have nothing to do @ 3:45 do you get on #twitter ?
How are you liking Twitter so far?
“: Lotta new friends in the gym this week...” what he said
RT : The name has been changed to ! Sorry for the confusion!
Playing with the Hot Club of Hulaville tonight at 6pm at Cafe Che Pasta. See you there!
Touchdown Packers!!!
You win some you loose some. It's called life.
That-a-girl. Raising her well. She ate just the crust around the PB&J sandwich.
glad you do, and I look forward to some fun convos
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting for I am now officially busy for APRIL! All of April. Haha
May 7th-11th is Teacher Appreciation Week! Arlington educators, what local establishment would you love to receive a gift certificate to?
Oh ok Metta!! We see you!
dude what the F u talking about?
Love you 🐧🐧🐧! Thank you for another thrilling ride this season. But right about now it's all about the #KNICKS!!! NYK ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!!
DVD: Beginners (2010)
"Fun church" kids ministry meeting :D
Finally liking the #Cowboys strategy this offseason, welcome to Rack City Morris Claiborne!
come on down!
We advance on our journey only when we face our goal,only when we are confident & believe we are going to win out.
I was right (still humble) that Newt should attack Romney and not Santorum. Most pundits said it was the wrong move.
I think soo
Did your last post stick you with the job of evaluating every postdoc announcement? I thought being Gender Lady was enough work.
yes i love it! and of course...you will make it even better<3
Looking forward to seeing everyone at K Street Lounge (13th and K) for Happy Hour today! 5-8pm
Can't wait until tomorrow. I'll have a full case of coffee stout.
let's play.
December is looking lik a good month for games ;)
Ashton on 'Two and a Half Men' - funny
good luck
WHEW just headed off minor mutiny when teachres found out not eligible for overtime when on sick leave
What lessons could you think of with QR codes? I'm trying one with storytelling as a scavenger hunt. Have you done this?
You should be happy!! Is it any different from the Korean album?
Tell me how you like it babe
Districts tomorrow
League leaders sacrifice #CL for league titles: #manUnited #ManCity & #Barca #Madrid. Those out of race are in CL final:
what does nf mean?
let's #wobble later! I could use the pick me up
Was this caught on camera??
is there any element in congress concerned about the link between private funding and ed?
#water I forgot how much I love you! I'm glad we are together again. Haha.
Just purchased a simulated process separation program for full color prints and a Pantone ink matching system. That being said I also j ...
A6: At GMU, we're focused on access for students, so our models might help to inform/not re-invent the wheel.
U already know what i be on
thanks for the retweet and you're welcome!
Groupies follow me like twitter (;
Funny how one minute you can be so close to someone & the next it`s like you never knew them.
Ok, my contractor is still gettin the work n & I dare not stop him....already weeks behind
2chains said you can look at him , you'n need cable
Thanks for following
Amazing. I never thought I would live to see this. The times they are a-changin', indeed. Thanks for the info!
Boozer can't or doesn't post up and korver has to rely too much on ball movement to do anything on his own. We need a change
Bring it on Mr. mayor :) RT : Yes! PATH Train series!
i am so bad at twitter i cant find our other tweets!! How much is lower level ticket to tomorrw game?
Does Moss have a prayer of scoring any fantasy points at all this year?
Don't worry, you'd fit right in up here... ;)
Back story on the tweet. I accidentally sent a tweet from my iPhone about cycling to the wrong account. Rookie move. I should know better.
yes...well future bro in law. I just call him my brother
They should advertise to current age of viewers! Agree! Love show! Boo. RT NBC canned viewers too old!!!
what's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?(:
Thanks for having us cater the kid's lounge tonight! Go Hornets!!
your a wonderful daughter to think of it, but not so sure about your spelling!:)
John, what is your goal for the new season?
That awkward moment when you sing the wrong part of a song with confidence
When's the ring coming?
I really should be sleeping right now
If work starts on "Easter Basket" flavor now (featuring Cadbury Eggs), it would be ready it time for next Easter, right? Yum!
I didn't either its legitimately sickening
Don't eat melted skittles.. trust me #Anotherlessonlearned ♥Bretana♥
World's best booze. | Pirates won't like how rum didn't make the list. PR? Jamaica? Yeargh, it's Aruban for me!
Will feel like I am in Paris again.
We have phones and plans to fit just about everyone...No activation fee and no contract on our prepaid plans!
I was writing a song today and omg it fits your voice very well ha! ^_^
sure that's for the quick response!
god damn sexy!
haha this summer is dedicated to getting some shirts printed!
Night night.(: .xx
floor layout meeting today at 10:30.
I Knew I Was Going To Be Sick Today
My enthusiasm for the Packers 2009 season is waning. The O line is going to kill our season. (sad face)
bro. why can't andrew constancio go to our school?
Willow Weather Alert Flood Watch
So much drama in the NFL postseason this year! Is Tebow going all the way? If Tebow is destined for a ring does that make GB the bad guy?
So long Philly, hello Seattle! Danny Bonaduce is the new morning talent on CBS Classic Rock KZOK, effective 11/14. Details in RAMP.
Hey just trying to get a headcount for class tomorrow. Do you think you'll be able to make it?
you miss Miami yet ? If you see this please answer:( I don't want to be forgotten by you man!!
Looking for something to do in #Charlottesville tonight? Stop by The Southern for The Terri Allard Trio & Tara Mills!
#UConn Jeremy Lamb declares for the NBA Draft
Thanks much!!! #watchnerd RT : Vote for Zach Bush as
Shaped noodles taste the best! #Macaroni&Cheese
One of our new tracks has a 'Vroom' scream.
imma try to make it after my show....This guy is the best I know
THURSDAY WING NIGHT Returns Tonight!
I don't beef wit ppl.
vodka rocks. Best drink if you're on a diet. Or vodka water...
RT if you take showers... I hope so...
Being so short that sun blocker thing I the car doesn't block the sun so u can't see shit
RT : I live in NC &see this as a giant step backwards. I'm quite conservative just prefer fights worth winning this does NOTHING
the champs league is rigged they know what two teams will have the highest ratings, and they rig it
never done nascar before lol
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else and not the best for themselves.
Sweet! One visitor down...
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
Before getting bigger lips- one must consider the added cost of additional lipstick to cover the vast surface space it must now graze.
#liber2011 de Boer: Some digital publishers deliver better files than other ones.
I'm going to have my 11 year old tryout for qb for the Colts
Brewers game #4 tonight. I'm 1-2 on the year.
what was it you saw in your talent scouting that indicated that the Angels looked like one of the best teams in Arizona ST?
Working on Visuals for tomorrows show @ Kung Fu Necktie
I also understand the importance of good internal controls.
I can give you +100 followers ( must be following )
Guy: go fuck 1direction Me: I'm trying to but it's hard to find them
lmao this commercial always gets me! "doodle jump???" lol!
What do I do now?...
Recording "Travelscopes" on PBS this afternoon. Awesome special on Taiwan's Tea Road. Definitely worth the watch!
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday everybodys looking forward to the weekend weekend! Friday Friday kicking back on Friday every
#truth is I love you <3
not at the moment, unfortunately! We're moving to LA this week, should be there by tomorrow evening!
id love to? How can I? (;
he moved in with me <3
Go colts got Andrew luck !!!!
<--Mistress Wife--> A wild bedroom comedy! Lust or love?! Which will you choose?! ::Paradise Hotel:: 7:30 Nov. 19. theatre.sdsu.edu
not so bad, fixing up a bands facebook at the moment and waiting on an email, same old
Dear god I hate watching these people grind.
Also never suggest anything even barely off topic there
I'm gonna see I miss him o;
Leave your problems at work!
Dwyane Wade is an assassin
If anyone has a solution that will allow me to move 500GB from a MAC external HD to PC, please RESPOND, RT, DM, SEND SMOKE SIGNALS; SOMETHIN
hello :D
Alek you're so funny when you're sick omg you rascal love me down.
Hey math. Fuck you.
Smh i hate going to the store this late
Artie Lange live Also check out Artie as The Lottery Show streams live tonight at 10:30 PM. www.thelotteryshow.com
I am! go class of 2013 haha and Rome next semester!
SillyMickel&#39;s Blog: Things That Want to Be Said: Pollution and The ...
Hell yeah going to Universal Studios I'n a few hours favorite part is the car ride with my Cuzz listening to some good ass music. (-:
while watching CSI..."How far do you want the target...25feet?"... Baz: "25 feet? I could pee further than that!" ~ CSI
well what I wrote about zayn. I completely forgot about it! And now I'm a so called Directionator........
It's not a war that I was after.
AAPT - Selling on bid appears over. 3 days in a row now. Time to load the boat if your not in already... .024 is a STEAL
had a fun time at the BEACH BOYS concert in Raleigh last night y'all! Was kinda disappointed UNCLE JESSE didn't perform with them though...
I'm so bored right now.
So we ignore eachother, and pretend the other person doesn't exist, but deep down, we both know it wasn't supposed to end like this..
all SaaS is is "lease vs buy" software.
OPB emailed to tell me :10 copy is approved & that they are planning a Burgerville trip since May seasonals sound so good! Go Asparagus!!!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! :D
almost to 4600 tweets.. who wants it? :p
Whenever I remote lock my car I first like to make eye contact with a stranger, and point-warn them.
I know Betty is a bitch & a not-so-great mother, but I kinda feel bad for her.
NP, Patty. It was a great read.
please follow me I live you! Your so pretty and great on Kickin It
Turnt up= my new favorite song
My God intervened again! He is so merciful! #humble&praisinghisname
Audience's imagine more in their head than you can ever act out. Audience will do it for you, their imagination is great.
Thank you very much, Auntie M! :)
Speaking of that: RT : Back singing jazz at Agave Maria's in Ojai next Sunday, April 22, 4-7. Stop by casual fun
Get up $150 off 7-21 days small group adventure tours for 18-40 yr olds in the USA this summer! #travel #ttot #lasvegas New tours added!
it's really not too late to meet Do it for the kids, man. Do it for the kids.
Riddle me this: Scott Forstall, Senior VP iOS Apple () has a verified account & 50,000+ followers but has NEVER tweeted
Some guy gave me a rose today at work and it made my freaking day 🌹🌹 I love Roses ❤
I am not gonna complain about being hot! : Elevator company is here. jammed door enough to get us air. working to get us out.
We have 30 views so far of our Youtube channel. Now the challenge is to add a ton more by the end of August. We have the beer, food & music
Science has never drummed up quite as effective a tranquilizing agent as a sunny spring day. ~W. Earl Hall
oh yeah! Even better
to be more accurate, how to defeat the nature of the organization :0
Elder Willie Jones is in the house! Tune in to Praise and Worship with Power on 88.7 WLUW and begin this St. Patrick's day strong!
I'm playing in the Atlanta Tennis city finals at Dekalb Tennis Center, %pm sharp...thats at 5pm...Blessed G.
it is beyond beautiful! my mommy's gonna love it! Its masterful. Thank you so much
Awh, was it cute?
What helps you focus?
Hi! We've got a new web series & want fun teens to help us cast our 3 lead roles. Love your help! www.whatevertheseries.com
At my favorite place ...nail salon
Thanks for the heads up on this. Still processing some of the "highlights" of this post. More to come, I can assure you ...
to text me
Artest is on Fire!!!
Marry xmas everyone time to smoke my beef jerky ya
Don't panic! Get some food stored in your home, and breathe easier! Food...the currency of the future-hopefully the distant future.
Im bored bored bored bored. Just had nachos though!!
I love her smart bad ass.
it's ok man, everybody need love
shut up trell at the crib
: just experienced my first LA earthquake. A nice little 4.2 I like to call "mamacita."
Come in tonight order any burger or Hotdog and get a free frie
Learning more everyday that dependency on God is simple as less of me and more of Him....
aww bestie... I had a blast today.. And diddo..
Just had an #auctiondraft for #fantasybaseball and must say it's 10x better, even doing it online. That said, it takes hours to finish....
Go out and make a difference today.
It was cute!
RE: 127 Hours -- my son said it perfectly, "Just watch the last 15 minutes to find out everything you need to know."
Too bad #daylight savings time didn't kick in every night I'm at work for 12 hours. That hour ahead made the night go fast last night.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love -Stendhal
Did you know? Although a surgical face lift is done under general anesthesia, it is just a 2-3 hour outpatient procedure.
Yes, agreed!
You just have to feel the hatred of inefficient keystrokes flowing through you, and it starts to come naturally. Dunno why.
lol....i thought you bought a face primer! I will do some research and get back to you!:)
If any of you need an excuse to drink in the morning, Kujo is your beer. People won't even know.
Yes, the heart knows by Faith, even when the head can't see it by sense.
pretty laid back friday here at the shop. rockin out to some gogol bordello and lookin to tattoo YOU!!
Such a wonderful rehearsal with & I can't express how amazing it feels to sing with the two of you!
1. You're perfect. 2. How old are you again? 3. What does that mean lmaooo
Grizzlies be kickin' ass!
one woman said all she wanted from a man was to have him 5'11" tall
I think about more than I forget Always sayin the right things
Blue Lagoon featured in Seventeen Magazine Gift Guide.
RT : Today in 1962: test pilot Lou Schalk flies A-12 (precursor to SR-71) becoming airborne during high-speed taxi trials:...
7 am waking up in the morning gotta it snooze so I don't wake up
Never mind the people who have left. Mind those who've chosen to stay.
Hey there, DM me your email. Have an event invite for ya.
All about #BracketForBriskets for the #NCAA tourney. Great product tie-in and who doesn't want to win some good ole TX BBQ?
Happy Monday and make it a great week!!
Have a good night's sleep!
Just shit on my face . -____-
They All Stupid.
damn yu must of picked yo birds wisely.. cause lately that's all the fuck I run into... lmao
So I hear David Archuleta is off on his mission thou shalt not wank...have fun sunshine.
is officially my FAVORITE coffee joint in the city!! So many yummy #vegan treats & (vegan bias aside) THE best tasting coffee
#sad #obama storage wars is pretty cool show!!!!!
good seeing these women at the Hip Hop fest! much love!
Just had a really great experience with a rep named Holly Rocco. Awesome name, awesome customer service.
none taken ha
Toshiba announces Excite 10, 7.7 and 13 tablets, Thrive slates on their way out
I think my whole life is over now.
Just so you're aware, my first thought was 320 Harry Potter what?
it's national library week! tomorrow is national library workers day! celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate!
Think I'll go with
Incredible food day of oysters for lunch and sushi for dinner
In sunny Orlando for a quick visit at
Really twitter? I should follow ?! Do you read my tweets? If so, you'd know I think he is TWIT #1 -is that his code name btw?
We'll be picking the winner of 5 FREE 14 INCH PIZZAS today at 4pm -- if you haven't entered our contest yet, do so NOW!
We'll be looking for a roommate soon. Anyone (seriously) interested in moving to Los Angeles? Rent will be $500 a month. DM me!
#JoeyDiamond Is talented :)
no way. That's dope!
thanks I look forward to expanding US-Russia sister city relationships
11:11 ❤ bestfriend tell people to follow me ima tell people to follow You YOLO
like to think of Baby Jesus as a mischievous badger.
: Already used one! I'm hoping for another cleanse this afternoon. I'm lucky to work remotely, but I'll be in DC plenty
There's at least 150 orchestra kids....all playing at once....but not the same song
[Num14:28]As truly as I live saith the LORD, as you have spoken in my ears, so will I do to you: + [Isa57:19] I create the fruit of the lips
I did it last week. LOVED it. Can't wait to do it again.
Conversation with a beautiful woman >>>>>
#InsantTurnOn when your nice,!
It does! I made that promise when I was 3! My sis is a certified lay minister though. Lord knows why...
Tonight: Hotel Lights + Andre Costello & the Cool Minors + Cat Atlas at Garfield Artworks 8:00 $8
Horrible! The printers at work are down. Guess I'll just get paid for doing nothing
Thankful that I have a mother who will call to make sure I'm awake for finals, even after I've moved out
Yup, we can hear you chattin' about 'pulling out' ;)
Im the most distracted person ever
Can't sleep. Second night in a row.
I agree ! First weekend is the best 4 days in sports ... for me :)
lmaoo. I like them all the same
Also, give a call to pledge if you dig Andy Turner's show. Awesome every single week! 414.799.1917!
It was cool meeting you today at Miami Airport. Please let me know if you ever need anything. www.JuanCarlosPichardo.com
Just finished shoveling. It's the perfect snow for snowmen!
and it never gets old :)
Presenting in a couple of hours with ! If you want to meet the handsome towie star then get down to Bunker Cardiff tonight!
Consul Gen of Great Britian to FL - #vivaflorida500 also 250th anniv of Treaty of Paris and British rule in FL.
database design performance MVP
"hello, where is the library?", "Are your bidets comfortable?", "Please pass the Grey Poupon?", "Your shirt is inside out, sir."
. Peoria resident here. I recommend One World Cafe or Rhythm Kitchen for veggie friendly meals. Good luck to your team!
today has been an awful day.
really? mine too.
like what you like. I'm happy someone has an actual opinion, too many yes men out there.
Think ill treat myself to the ZaZa next week....
Time to write 14 pages for my PSYC 101 class.
Ha ha!
To the people creating such a fuss over who I'll call the "Crying Rangers Boy" - STOP.
Nice idea yet I don't think that will work. :$ I'm all for open bartering!!
BRAVES WIN! BRAVES WIN! BRAVES WIN! WALK-OFF HIT MELKY :)
Happy 4/20! You know you need #pizza today...
Hang out a few minutes and when you edit again you may be able to restore a draft.
I feel real bad for #oomfs because i know how shes feeling. Been in those shoes& it suck ass.
i like people who can be silly, and not care
was very cool about the feedback he got... I hope I am as open-minded the next time I walk into a row.
Like we who live in LA didn't know this for a fact
Clever Tip of the Day: if you plug your cell phone into a charger, make sure you plug the charger in, too!
"Spivey if you let in another goal I'm gonna tickle your bitch ass!!!"
You're welcome and happy weekend to you as well!
The U.S. now has an approved Anti-Bot Code of Conduct for ISPs. Great work by all involved!
Develop understanding.
anyone have videos from the show on Tuesday ?
no problem :)
ESPN FRIDAY NIGHT FIGHTS BETTING ODDS with preview! www.boxingbettingnews.com
and yeah I had the og's. Love that kick.
We need another TweetUp to come see that!
wanted you to be here for #MAY27th #PARTY BUT D TOLD ME Y'ALL FIXIN BE IN MIAMI
Or Elton Brand? RT : The EC semis version of "Tracy McGrady still plays? Really?" will be "Tony Battie still plays? Really?"
Busted Amare's hand too! #RigSoHard RT : tore Derrick's ACL....you're a dick dude
Like that's ever really mattered.
Geeze louise is it even possible for John Mayer to put out a bad song?
This game is ridiculous..
I Hate When Niggaz Act Irreplaceable
The lady at the bk lounge didn't tell me to have a good day, which always means it's gonna be a shitty one.
Two days since I finished the first draft of this novella. I'm afraid to look at it again, but it's not going to edit itself.
Reading "JavaScript: The Definitive Guide." One. Page. At. A. Time.
yeah, kept a lot of it simple. the challenge was finding certain pts to use to jump to next song (bc it wasn't pre-planned at all).
#ows has always had reform & revolution camps and while I fall into the latter I encourage mutual respect between all of the 99%
Him [Jesus] we proclaim, warning everyone & teaching everyone w/ all wisdom, that we may present everyone mature in Christ! Col 1:28
Just noticed that "Friends of Weird Life" has a good acronym: "FoWL". Ha!
it would be on the beach
Also #Pickerington has an <18 population of 31% which is also among the highest in the state - too bad we can't pass a levy
Looking at this computer screen got my head hurting like hell
Wow Kobe went full retard there...but Denver holds on
That's when I love you when I need you when I care about you that's when I know for a doub I can't live without you
Grizz making me nervous
btw, last post clearly from the Onion.
Another absolutely amazing day in Milwaukee.. what's everyone up to today?
Debates first bell...wish me luck.
Then that means that is a lucky girl. Because I'm sure you treat her right.
Some of the things people tweet on twitter.. You really don't care what you tweet
Now I HAVE to see it--like slowing down near an accident, I guess!
Ole Miss literally just threw the game away.
#HCD = human-centered design - very much in line w/yr "start w/audience, understand their problems & context & values"
I used to read my case studies on Kindle but midway thru quarter they became loaded w/ DRM. I feel like a legit user being punished
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mother! Love you
Football isn't a contact sport, it's a collision sport. Dancing is a contact sport.--Duffy Daugherty
You don't know how bad I want this :/
"You're like Benny the Jet of Almonds." - Best compliment ever.
Beautiful Background. Thank you for following me ♥
hey Mi Corazon its Jr you should follow me
Ok, there yu have it. that was my last tweet! good night ya. #Teamnosleep #Teamfollowback #LastKings. Deucez~~
Why does send out a news alert when Cliff Robertson dies but not for news that poverty rate at highest level since 1993?
tell your momma I said happy mothers day (:
GREAT. My girlfriend's on her period and now I've got blood all over my iPad! DAMES!!!
sorry for chicago but hahaha sucks to be you
Everyone get ready for to get back on Twitter...with wins comes Tweets.
Getting ready for a great new year! Last year was a defining year, this year is going to be the best yet!
My office, er needs a new coffee grinder. Sounds like a muffler is falling off this one.
Can We Trust 'The B---- in Apartment 23' ?
Looking for #BlackFriday plans/sales? Get the scoop in tomorrow's special Holiday Shopping edition. Can't wait!
definitely trade with Stana Katic. 'New' rising talent!
A foot massage can stimulate vital functions, eliminate toxins, & improve blood circulation. When was the last time you had a foot massage?
just got done playin bball owned mikie (; now getting ready to go out with the girls :)
Hello ashtabula. Again.
the night is long ;)
it's gonna be fun. And I can't wait for four square
State of the art.
Beating the world's deadliest viral villains
Katrina Vandenberg ends a poem that swirls around the letter m: "I think of books as milk from other animals"
omg that's sick!!!!!
exactly and the better you feel and the less you worry the more girls come to you trynna get at you its weird af lolz
Good Night Muni Kids... Gotta be up early.
Side note, the whole quit smoking thing - gonna have to try harder next time....
Why bother making Twitter lists when I can follow most of 's lists! Ha, ha, thank you, Laura.
Don't you hate it when you say something really dumb? Yeah, me too.
haha I hate his guts. He's an awful president
-Linsanity is officially over. We can go back scrutinizing Tim Tebow!
I just wanna thank my baby for beinq the best father I could ask for.! Ik hell be with us.soon.! Love you baby
Not about tennis! ;-)
Later today, we'll be playing our last show (in New York) before we start heading into the studio & start recording our best material.
Get ready, film-makers and Ad people!! 47 INCREDIBLE new tunes are right around the corner!!
Always asked who is a creative kitchen designer: Answer: www.borrellidesign.com who has a website that is a total idea factory
Taking back the Round Bar! Come to Saz's tomorrow for Happy Hour extended to close! Free Apps!
New Nao merch is being designed.
Dr. Tse of : constant current dbs might be improvement over current dbs treatments #pairup4pd nyc
Why are my parents so awkward in public? Lol omg SO AWK
Finished my English homework will do my math homework tomorrow
thank you.
Great another ex is following me, hope she doesn't figure out which tweets are about her. Psst they're the ones about freckles & big booty.
Anyone have ideas on projects connecting students to environmental issues?
And now we are on our way to the circus...
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
is for the college student. 3.2 million uniques per month
until it comes out the other end
I am being positive only when people mess up my food order I act out. They forgot my avocado and my tortilla. Que Vida tengo! :(
thank you for #FF friends! ( ) much appreciated :)
Roy Williams left Kansas on probation. LOL
#nowplaying Bigmouth strikes again - The Smiths
When liberals hang out together it's just sex, sex, sex, America sucks, sex, sex, Obama's so great, sex, we hate Jesus, sex sex...
I'm at beat the bookstore! They're great.
Sharing a drink with fans/ followers is more important than ever. Whether that beverage be tea or
This Android touchscreen keyboard is such a piece of shit that by itself it might convince me that switching was a terrible mistake.
I've realized that I am one stubborn kid hahaha
: main pt=when katehi wants to distance self frm events or side-step resp, she flips into PV; uses AV to sound like a leader
...empty old oil, taco breakfast, and start getting the Mac Mini acting like a real computer...and maybe a movie.
#TFB all day long!
go caps!! RT : 3rd period is underway from Verizon Center. #Caps lead Panthers 4-0.
I cannot imagine life without the grace & peace I'm offered DAILY from Creator God.
Rain likely tonight starting after 7pm. Showers will continue through tomorrow morning. Low of 50 tonight. Hi tomorrow 60.
We listen to The Ready Set too! If you like him, you'd probably like ! You should check them out.
On my way to soundcheck now.
I know! Happy Endings is the best!!!
"Proper preparation prevent poor performance."
Cherish every moment you have with a person, because you never know when they might be gone
I just finished putting music on this old mans ipod he beta be happy with what he got!
I don't like breathing second-hand smoke, but I do not support the ban, especially at federal level.
My brain is a bit frizzled. I keep switching between editing technical documents and writing a wedding ceremony.
Bitch we GBB and we gone fight
Congratulations to one of my favorites !!! ;-)
Extremely productive at being unproductive.
I just corrected his incorrect definition of socialism! He called Obama a socialist...he isnt!
sounds like fun;)
good point! And I have been looking forward to it for weeks!
American Terrorist
Getting auditions is a great thing! Be excited that you were called in and then work that room like you're on the payroll.
Arian Foster owners can't be too happy right now
No kidding. Feel the same way abt C blanket licensing here in states. Urgh.
However, neighbors came out to give water and food for it, though it still needed to be fed by it's parents.
play me in scrambles
As the days pass, we're losing the people we remembered for greatness.
I'm definitely going to watch #AmandaKnox's Diane Sawyer interview and read her People magazine story.
hi! please email us: if you're having trouble with the app
I don't get why my boss doesn't get that I'm on vacation. Texting me and calling me on my personal phone is not cool. I don't care this week
fuck yea! By the way, like the new clothing style. Fits you much better than what you had before!
Good Morning❕❕☕
hey there, we have a huge backlog of people after SCAA show. Will be in touch soon.
After Charli XCX's gutsy pop set, Skrillex's "Rock n Roll" comes on house PA at 's #sxsw show. At a church.
WHOA WAIT A MINUTE THE BLACKHAWKS FIRED MIKE HAVILAND? NO.
find either or to get they're trading cards :)
The Jambox is just an incredible POS. I'll never get those hours of my life w/ customer service back.
Self glorification is just plain arogant.
Thanks for sharing the photo, Katelyn.
The Rangers put me in a happy mood #KingHenrik #NYR. Going to sleep happy tonite!!! 👍😘
OMG! Are you kidding me?? This President really gets around, lol!
I still love #skateboarding, that's something i just can't let go....until I'm 60 & have painful arthritis all over my body lol
this is great, however loan applications are down. What do you think is the cause of this?
Hear hear! RT : Today is U.S. Coast Guard Day! Thank you to all who help keep our beautiful oceans safe.
Someone just seriously pulled the fire alarm, and lunch is now... Are you fucking me? Your a badass and I'm fucking hungry!
Listening to on and even though I'm confident in my Photoshop skills, I've picked up some great CS5 tips
Eric has been a big fan of Church of the Subgenius since before we met! He has several of their books.
None of the old crowd does shows anymore it's kinda a barren wasteland now :/
I need some advice from you :S
do that little thing with my tongue that get him so hype 😏
has returned for Round 2 of voicetracking.
my lack of organization! Ack!
a) Why reboot such a classic? and b) Why in the WORLD would they do it without you?!
I look so sparkly today ! (:
Cannes Film Festival You Say?.... France?.... okay.. In there Like Swim Wear!!
Sounds good!! those are good places to see a game.
Shout out to for landing that contract and keeping union work in LA
check your messages
God bless you love
On Sunday the #LiamPayneChallenge is a go (; not using a spoon all next week ;D
alright, now I've got the munchies.
where's the link money foooooo?? lol
I won't hold a breath for an answer!
As far as I'm concerned, I'm not concerned
it's going to happen!!! #faith #redemption 😘😘 where are you watching the game?
true multi-tasking
which means I start every morning as a monster...maybe even a zombie
#WOTD: Good luck to tonight at the #grammys!
A successful artist is not just a song and a style ... successful artistry has a purpose ...
I need a sip of courage to get me through the weekend
#ryanbraun on the offensive. Does this mean he's guilty?
hell yeah love the HOODBRIDGE
#Carey2011Dublin Yes, please! Would love a team effort on these "radical" tweets
Have Questions about Business Blogging? and will tackle them in this live webinar http:bit.ly/fmloRQ
Now following you should too! Check it out. Cc
I often say to myself "this is what I get for giving a fuck" ..
no! Why must it be so complicated?
i am clean clean clean v
happy birthday! (:
Happy the sun is finally out! Time to warm up.
As the view is to the body, the reason is the spirit.
Nicky Hilton Sues for $5 Mil -- My Ex-Partners SABOTAGED My Clothing Line
Another sunny day in PDX. Happy Friday everyone. Let's start this day on a high note!
what do I need to do? I'm so confused right how, but I do like ice cream sammiches.
Good one, Lord Obvious! : #Imreallygoodat being bad.
Usally I love it wen people retweet and favorite myy tweets cause I no they enjoy it
and you're so much prettier when you smile...
Looking forward to the possibility of interactive movie nights at River Hills Pizza!
is checking out Google+
From everything I've heard, that place sounds terrible.
Me, too - yea! RT I got to sit with Carol Rosenberg who fought with Pentagon re: Guatanamo & won 1st Amendment award!
Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
The Voice UK >>
Made it into the nursing program at area 31!
Haha! RT : Do it. They gotta learn sometime.
What's awesome right now is how I have a carefully planned & timed blog post that needs to go live in 4 mins, and our server's refusing.
certificate of completion I didn't pass gqe so didn't technically graduate
I was still too scared to buy a mango, so I bought pre-sliced mango instead. We will see how it goes...
I have over $22,800 in purchased iTunes... I deleted my cc from that account today
A FEW DAYS HE SOUNDS SO AWFUL I HAVE CRIED PRAYED AND CRIED AGAIN
Happy Friday to all my friends and family, have a safe, blessed and fun weekend.
We agree! “: Hear! Hear! RT : #ff to all #Blogtournyc sponsors & x”
Just unsubscribed to the last of the 15 or so Vegas resort email marketing lists that I have been receiving since 2003
pssst! "Divided USA" ;)
I'm sorry u couldn't
Onto M and A panel
Sonic for lunch. I've missed this place.
Somebody get me on a lane home... Wyf is this shit
Northbound lincoln has re-opened.
With all this excitement going on, how could you NOT want #crew96 season tickets?
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much ://
Target pulls farmed salmon from stores
Good Morning. You are welcome. I am praying and I know you will all do great. You are a great & strong group of men.
So sad to miss tomorrow night's #LeanStartupHou speaker. :( I have a dinner! Passed it along to others in the office...
Social media marketing can greatly benefit your business as it compliments your brand, business and online profile.
I'm bored.
I'll be makin love to her through you
Am I doing the right thing, going back to school? It feels right as long as I don't think of the money.
occupiedmedia.us ~ Food Writers Issue Statement of Support After Gill Tract Arrests via
Can't forget ! Thanks for taking the great shots Holiday Tweetup! Early Happy New Year to all!
Oli Sykes get in my pants.
Fones on airplane mode now!
so like all of em lol I like all of yours too my next tat Is my pin up girl :)
True blood , no wins last nite at awards show. That sucks! I love true blood!!!
#ThinkLikeAMan = FANTASTIC MOVIE!! :D
Got 80 pages left of Brave New World...due tomorrow. Gonna be a long night.
It Anit how much u score it's win you score!
I think that she's very interested in Br lmao
i blame for the pain my arms and legs are in....i'd rather it be my core! haha
You coming to the meet at all?
I'm so burnt. It hurts bad. But not as bad as it will in the shower. And def not as bad as the #Mariners game so far. 5-0 Ugh..
that's cool!
Jack Valentie likend the VCR to the Boston Strangler, not Jack the Ripper. But great talk! Everyone should send this to their rep.
Learn the difference in the coils in your bed Smart response vs. classic coil: 11% better motion separation with Smart Response coil.
ur still lame af and i can just ask someone to delete
People who roll in 3 hours late for no reason, should not be allowed to participate. Volunteer work or not.
Its been a whole lotta fun the past 3 years with you, iPhone. But now Android is my new BFF! ;)
Jesus, and I thought "What A Wonderful World" couldnt get any more depressing.
Psst. Plenty of room over here. Plus, after today's announcement, we'll have better catering and nicer shoes.
♫ Claire baby, I wish you could see how it all got twisted...♫
Wrong turn 4 is tha shit they getting freaky on this bitch lmao
I just saw the Tupac hologram at McDonald's.
Wow school is big haven't got lost my lockers on third floor all of my classes but one r on the second I am loving xc though
playing poker
Special thanks to those in 's car tonight blasting "Time Is Of The Essence" and singing along! That's what we love to see!
haha im bored r u
prouuuddd of you! :)
Davin and I used to have a mountain-climbing philosophy: "you put one foot in front of the other, until there's no more 'up'."
Someone needs to explain to me how co signing works
Had tickets, but have to work. Everybody's here and I'll have a nice view from the KING5 sports office.
-hm so childish, they have nothing better to do
TSN set must be getting the booze Bobby V barred from Red Sox locker room
today will be better today will be better today will be better today will be better
This! RT - #badgers Sounds as if Big Ten hockey will be going to neutral sites for its tournament.
Glad to see you land on your feet, miss the afternoon insight!
Got my light up shoes on
we do hire webcam models now! and invite you to join us if you want.
but I think his view of technology in the classroom is suspect or at best not clearly defined.
do homework -.-
Last day of practice ! :)
follow me ?
Though inexperience showed, Randi Miller wins MMA debut with 3:27 3R TKO over Molly Estes in close fight.
IF YOUR IN BOSTON TONIGHT AND YOU DON’T GO SEE ...YOUR A STRAIGHT UP SUCK HOLE.!!! HAHAHAHA!!! DICKHEADS...
#givebackDetroit Please RT: You can help feed #Detroit's hungry with just one tweet thanks to
ppl blowin ma high....
reunited soon
It Is the fact that he gets a Hogan comeback every time. Losing cleanly after Rock won would've been more interesting
See? is intentionally lowering expectations so she can wow the judges in the end. WINNER.
I'm alive.. barely. I actually work all day so gchat is not an option, ha! Raleigh is the best though, I love it :)
Lol ok gotcha. :)
Enjoyin this beautiful day with my kids. Hvn fun until my daughters allergies started n now she has brkn out from them. :( poor thing :(
RT: Girls don't poop, that's just science. Read some shit.
Lazy Sundays are great, but that just means tomorrow is Monday...
Love Instapaper, but video/photo support and iPad layout make Pocket look a tad better. Any future plans for similar features?
pleasure meeting you last night w Jan. cheers
welcome; thank you too <3
Everything is about to change.
where are you now?
I want you to buy a MASSIVE suv and just drive the fuck out of it. Fossil fuels? Fuck 'em. That's the LA WAY.
Write this commercial... Then I have to find something for this internship fair tomorrow..
My wife is so excited about seeing #hungergames tonite she might explode! #priorities?
Yessir #missinglink and #everythingmustchange need to be dropped. They are getting old ovahea
The countdown is on, 8 days to go until we take off. Currently working on the new site and the first video of many.
If you need some protips, let me know.
Im out people of all races
Rooms Thank you for following us!
follow because her nick name is DICK
Its so funny seeing the people on Ellen that don't have any rhythm when Ellen dances at the beginning of the show
Too excited for 's bday this weekend! Then right back to work on
I want some candy. .
come visit my ass! I'm a loner
a form of new slaves. That will continually affect the next generation.
The nerds love you too!!!!
this sucks big time
If you love someone you don't let them go <3
I'm obsessed with my new "Guilty" perfume. Thanks
Theres a side of you that i never knew. .
I giggle every time Samuel L. Jackson says "hotspacho".
Hackworth: Everybody who had a little strain or pull is doing well - we should have a full selection to chose from
Boutta cop up some new kicks though.
Obvi, we're the ladies...
Better than I'd do, that's for sure!
Thank you both for the lovely chat!
To earn money from home freelance skills are required as writing, designing and many more
getting things done today did not happen
Yes :) I just have them add ice, no water. Maybe I shouldn't call it an Americano then. I pay $3.25 for Venti.
Tremors, one of my favorite movies
Hahaha, girl. Watch your back! I'm a regular there!
Weird, considering Cosby's own out-jazz dabblings, e.g.: 1st Badfoot Brown LP; harmolodic music beds on "BC Talks To Kids About Drugs."
one my followers unfollowed me and then followed me again so many times
As as paying customer, I don't want to hear about Alysia Jordana unless she is in the studio naked, and riding the Symbian.
it sucks. a lot.
#IReallyWant for this work day to be over. 11 days straight is no joke
Thanks! It was good to see you too. A very interesting conference this year. :o)
when you beat a woman so bad, she decides to stab you, you're a villain.
@ the movies Standing behind tall ass Scott Hastings.
we might be tasting one of your beers! Can't wait to see what does for us.
Matthew should've fought harder for Mary. He's a lawyer, for Pete's sake. He should know how to make a strong case! :)
Hahahahaha :) love it. ♥
In my conference experience, there will always be people less dressy and more dressy than I am, & I'm ok with that!
Rumors that city will be evicting tonight. Sanitation workers advised some occupiers down at MP they would arrive at 11:30pm.
": I'm a little tea pot" short and stout here is my handle here is my spout
Falling asleep to #ADayToRemember?! I'm bound to sleep good tonight. 🎧💤
if there was an mvp for the night, it goes to me
You've seen Bottle Shock, right? Very cute.
What Bill Gates Says About Drug Companies
At 00:06 in Justins new Viddy, I love the look on his face. He looks fierce.
Love family game nights, now back to the grind before I go to bed!
Niggas will do and say anything to look Cool...that's shit LAME
Stop Hatin On Even If She Dating Nick Or Not, She Did Nothing. FollowMeAna(: Hahahaaa
If no one has claimed this, I may know of a charity that would like to have it.
lol yep them woman folk better get barefoot and in the kitchen. Get me a beer.
Girls that send out nudes around school .. You're not cute .. You're just a nasty little whore :)
funny?;O how? i know sorry puddin , next time!^.^
At the end of a long day, having avocado-tomato toast and finally listening to the new Leonard Cohen record. Bliss.
oh thanks cuz.....I kept seein it
16 days to the #EmptyBowl - I am just so excited!
My 2 homies is chiefin on a blunt right now, and I only gotta smoke a bowl!!
Three Stooges Sweatshirts Funny Curly NYUK Adult Sweat Shirts
what's up brotha
have a goodday at work n am I goin2view u2day
So... how fast do you have to go to get pulled over twice in one day? Becuase I'm gonna drive 1mph slower than that...
eating stale popcorn talkn to AlexNolle54 highlight of my night :)
otr was born there, you know...
you know them....
is on stage now and they are awesome! If you missed them this time, don't make that mistake again!!!
On my level
You ugly ....you coming toBw3 tomorrow right??
also I despise the new anti-smoking ads with the lady with the hole in her neck. Creeps me out!
I'm gonna miss this. What a freaking cool thing. #ompf A thousand thanks to for letting me be part of it!
I'm growing a little to fast for them .
feel me nikka
Why am I obsessed with weed? Cuz it keeps me blowed. Don't want No sticks, No stems, Nor seeds. Better yet pass that dro... LM(Blowed)AO
did you see my DM? I sent it to you. Good luck!
plain .... Or. Blowup doll
MPLS Mayor Rybak calls stadium bill a good piece of Minn politics. Not perfect, but one that addresses parameters set by GOP and Vikes.
#RIPJohn My mothers really good friend... Him & his gf died </3 I guess it was their time to go :'(
For this romantic..it is a sad day. I wish Heidi Klum and Seal all the best as they part ways.
I had a dream last night that someone was trying to steal my dragons
I blog now in Evernote so people can't pry
Vultures Live just came on my pandora and I think my heart just melted
Everything we touch, Steelebeak... everything we touch.
Puffiness around the eyes is often a sign of allergy.
Gooodmorning world :) hope everyone has a great day'
Compared to the other characters she was a little bland.
didn't know they made it that big!
There you go beatiuful.following the cherry id like to eat! ;]
no you not
without question my friend, sleep wellRT : Maybe France + philosophy is getting to me ;) RT : How profound :) RT...
“: Chinese Telephones might be my favorite band” <-- Yea! I bet would agree too!!
oh and a steak hoagie?
Hopefully, I will make it to libchat tonight. I'm no longer working Weds. night so this evening librarian is no longer at your service.
Had a blast last night at speed networking event! Met so many great people!
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job. ~ Slappy White
No You Don't
Thanks for the follow Nicole "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
So no one else is even mildly concerned that a bee is nutting hunny on our cheerios?
#ThePeoplesRepublic scoops up Bryce Harper despite dropping him a few days ago...Welcome to the bigs Bryce!
I favorited the last one, about the eggs. xD lmfao
I'm in love with and no one and nothing will ever change that!
Chun: What's the difference between semi automatic happy birthday messages on Facebook and friends contacting us via spam?
Good things come to those who wait.
The red Swingline stapler is jammed!
“: yo Im at this lil competition & this group dance to girls talkin bout & I promise to god they did ya whole ending
Our new CD has arrived!!!
Hold up wait hold up wait!
only 2 lol I think this.scares them off
gears...ha
(just like the white-winged dove, sings a song sounds like she's singing...) ...
“: Big THANK YOU to #TEDxCLT Sponsors: Signature Healthcare,
Awesome plug for on Conan tonight - Dr. Bugs was rockin' some Ant Pants.
“: I have full service and all my wifi but my instagram will not load! 😠😡👿 #ineedinstagram” same here!!
really,when?and how does it work?
Should I get McDonalds before my meet or bad idea hm...
we new tweetaaaaa :D
enjoying an evening of Ghost Hunters and Destination Truth. Ah...
Never thought I would say this, but can't wait to watch okc punk the lakers lol THUNDER UP!
#TwSIG Beware of robotics and spammers. Time for questions!
Grateful to be auditioning for a great guest spot today on GOOD LUCK CHARLIE playing 'willard' the creepy care taker at a haunted house
I love that Nanna is teaching the kids how to doorbell ditch lol
To put it rather bluntly,I am not the type who wants to go back to the land;I am the type who wants to go back to the hotel. Fran Lebowitz
Try to forget you play for the Ravens 4 a sec. Who do u think will win the series(or tie) between them and the Steelers?
Day 2 at #YAL national convention.
Just saw a preview for Hatfields and McCoys on History. Kevin Costner and Bill Paxton. Looked awesome.
You'll never know what true happiness feels like until you fall in love & you'll never understand what pain really is, until u lose it.
I'm so seasoned, I could choke the winter outta the summer.
Relish today. Catchup tomorrow.
I CANT WAIT TO SEE THE #BOYFRIEND MUSIC VIDEO. IM HYPED UP ON #BIEBERFEVER(:
Trying to pin point where I went wrong 😔
Spring Training is over, but don't worry..Woodjock updates of who's playing next year will keep coming!
jealous! But it's lovely in LA too! Miss my Moro!
haha I was kidding, hell naw, I ain't leaving my laptop. Dude....in Washington DC? PLEASE!!!!
Okay did you over do it and now your totally exhausted from the weekend? But it was exciting - Get some sleep - Later!
In 1955,Rosa Parks sparked the civil rights movement by refusing to give up her seat to a white man in Montgomery AL.
I'm with you there! Doesn't bother my viewing experience at all
Before, an idea was just an idea. Then, an idea was more than just an idea. Now, an idea is just an idea. -Bruce Lee
I'm in tears cause mo fucker didn't no what to say! Hahaha
Axford and Loe taking the remote controlled airplanes for a spin this morning inside the Miller Park airplane hangar.
yeah I'm still up for it. What's your ideas I'd love to hear them! :)
im so sleepy idk why
Happy birthday,
It helps but the Jazz have a bright future and they TRADED AWAY their star.
my dad was a WWI & WWII vet discharged after Korea. Never joined VFW or legion, never thumped his chest.
an easy-out from his engagement to the she-man. Boom.
Sorry last picture I posted was quite explicit, and nasty as ----!
I already miss
Where are you living?
Good pasta, great chili sauce (piri-piri in whisky and strong Azores cheese), nice red wine. Life is good.
Career/ed blogger here. Looking for a nurse who's had a (relatively) easy time staying current with CEUs (preferably online).
But it don't mean nothing when a nigga money low, Niggas will shoot you in the back and cut yo fucking throat like rich and alpoe.
Why don't I have chocolate in my desk drawer?
Listening to :) Everyone loves Glad You came, I've known that song for ages! It's about time to be big in America!
Ha. I'll go with the US for this example......
it's the only blank line left on my recommitment paper! I'm terrified to commit to a singlet size.
Sterling has hushed the room discussing mortality, morality, suicide and blood price for goods, services we use
I'm bout to be hittin da sheets in a min got to go to work and then see wats up wit my car once again hope for da best i really need to get.
Are chemical companies to blame when my own boogers make my mouth numb? I guess you can't even safely eat your own boogers anymore?
At each level of play in the celebrity poker tournament, a re-buy is available for $200 for an open bracket to the final table.
is ayo bates in ur room
I want to hang out with you guys!
It wasn't about you!
wow I hate you
Sometimes apps I have not downloaded appear on my phone :/
me too!
I want some watermelon!
Looks awesome and legit. I saw the track in there too!
For great teen travel opportunities with sponsor Westcoast Connection come check out #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Sunday!
Hey Eboni, I'll be back sometime in October. I'll let you know. Thanks!
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen
So I'm pretty sure I went in the best date ever with ! He was such a gentleman!...but then I woke up. #WishfulDreaming <3
I got way too sunburned last night.
I'm gonna go wit my mom tonight (Happy Mother's Day Mom) CELTICS lets go!
I'm cool. I need real people to listen to my music
ANYONE DOWN TO PLAY DRAW SOMETHING?
#foodiechat and the #Canes game, perfect #LaborDay!
Do you love comedy shows? After seeing Paul Rodriguez’s show keep the fun night going tonight with drinks at Xona’s Asada Grille!
Who was ?
Thanks! That book looks really cool! I might get it for my nephews as well :)
RT : I'm basically Michael Vick...but better at playing qb
Hey, just saw you on tv at the #Sixers game!
“: Who thinks we should have another season of Born To Dance?”. ME!
Frowns regulars confirmed for tonight at :
It hurts me to know Jake, Hates me. Even though he says he doesn't I know deep down he does. I made ONE mistake and he
Scowcroft: Erdogan's falling out with the Israelis means Israeli strike on Iran would be incalculable negative effects on US
Being Single sucks when you know exactly who you wanna be with..
they were undersized & Bogut is 7 ft. Curry/Ellis couldn't play together forever, the defense was pitiful
Great drive for giants.
RT I'm at #AVNAwards.. it's starting now.. so many hot girls!! <--- Follow Her!
#np “No Letting Go“ - Wayne Wonder
bcuz education is revolution
So I came to see play in a recital and this broad will not let us in Grrr
that's my philosophy for administering Windows Servers. :)
google the little giant!
Looking forward to it :)
Good heavens!
. will Deepak respond with anything other than, "Words words, big words, made up word. Words pretend things word."?
Hey I followed you back love
RT : Are your workouts not enough lately? Have you hit a plateau? Try our awesome deal from Wired Fitness today for......
Headed to #Detroit tomorrow to launch #NoKidHungry with Governor Rick Snyder - and make Michigan our 18th NKH state!
Procter &amp; Gamble Profit Down, Trims 2012 Outlook
Aha Jonas Brothers fanas mad. Cause there poor little jonases didnt win
I'm that FC alumni who chooses to stay far away from reliving the good ol days, but is still proud to be a buccaneer!
otayyy you're welcome!!!! :D
Severe thunderstorm Warning for Pope and Stearns Counties until 4:45pm. Heading through Glenwood right now.
Is it? I don't see it there.
Psst, are y'all ready to find out who will be joining Ronnie Dunn at PB? Artist announcement to happen in very near future!
My brother is in jail :(
you know you're better than this..
what's your favorite song ??
I miss arguing over who loved who more :p
Even if it's slow or fast, it's still positive results and progression.
buying a cat is like buying a roommate that hates u
what part? I'm out in the western part on the Ohio river...owensboro
hey brooke!
I am on a mission to visit every comic book store in the Abq metro area. What's your favorite place??
“: so fucking hungry, in need of some good ass food … don't judge me ” that you probably won't eat... Lmao
I thought I could stomach these scenes because RH is in them, but......... I. CAN'T.
LIZZIE FTW
Ted Williams doing the "Dougie" in #NothingCanStopUsNow was TIGHT! Funny ass parody lol!
hahahahah mark you know everybody
this is my awesome site
"Nothing will work unless you do." -Maya Angelou
Thanks to all of our new followers!
and thats why your a fat kid
its the freedom from caring.
“ “ If twitter was school, I'd have perfect attendance.””
My phone gets really hot at random times.
How is that book? I've always meant to read it.
If you need easy extra money, I highly suggest you read this article!
Was quite impressed with the #Train rendition of Zep's Ramble On at tonight's #Ford event.
But ppl still do RT : We have cell phones, laptops, and vehicles with built in GPS...there is no excuse for getting lost!
Today is #NationalTequilaDay! Celebrate in moderation and only with the good stuff!
Wow first call today - phones could be getting better. We are lucky we have jocks on live except middays and late nights.
Change Positions.
I'm not going to freak out yet ... I can't pull my bangs back in a pony... I'm not gonna freak out yet
"Don't give the past any part of your new beginning..."
Doesn't everybody follow themselves with a second account?
Plant the lily pad in the healthy pond and then get out of the way.
Parcheesi? Cricket? I don't know lol but something
I said it last night, but if some of you were to see these things you said in like even a year or less from now, you would be so embarassed.
Ahh... just crashed the downtown Marriott Hotel pool and jac. That place is paradise
where are the white girls at
#PeopleLikeUs are looking for people like you!
I have some time on my hands, so I am sharing my knowledge. You can too! Use
I don't turn my tv on until it's like 2
Let the countdown continue: 3 DAYS until FPAC! Come out and KICK-OFF FPAC on the right foot!
Thank you for helping bring Ian to webwise. Sorry we haven't met in person yet, but I want to follow up with you about
no problem babe
Janice Jacques, hey dolls thinking of U & thanks for always remembering me. Hope your week is off to a good start!
it's great to hear you survived. #Running in 16 degree weather: possible but not preferable!
Texting her makes me smile.. <3
i need to take this to heart... i worry and have anxiety WAY too much...
Amazing premiere last night at the Hollywood Fringe Film! Our pilot opened for an amazing indie feature,
EXACTLY. But will add ROI still possible. Brands need to treat #UFC like any other sports property.
Universal studios all weekend (:
sounds like trouble! ;)
I was planning on graduating in December 2013.. Just found out its actually may 2013. I don't know if I'm happy about this
They really do!
AT 10: A high school student attacked at the bus stop decides to share her story, hoping the same won't happen again.
Follow me on instagram(charlottemathai)I'm so close to 400! Help
damn cousin where u been at?
Woo kentucky!
We should never permit ourselves to do anything that we are not willing to see our children do. - Brigham Young
-- thanks for the mention!! Purim Sameach!
Hey Garth, that was a haiku.
simply irresistible!
Watching family guy
#haveyouever taken an HIV test? If you are sexually active, then you should take one ASAP.
Seattle in a little over two weeks! Northwest get read!!!
I imagine he's better than Colt McCoy.
Shame on you North Carolina smh
merry christmas Jayy!(: i love u<3 I was the one at the orlando show who gave u the blue & yellow bracelet that said princess
I avoid restaurants where after I eat, I have to find something to eat.
not yet, but maybe soon. We'll keep you updated
Me = Drunk
P.S. had a shown down at Spin on the tables got butt kicked. Great time thanks spin, fantastic to have you as neighbors. Cheers
That awkward moment when someone's card declines...
please, please, please want 100 follow me follow 5
no better way to learn chinese than to approach strangers on a college campus and convince them to come to your show
#NBCdebate since when did this become a Mitt/Newt only debate?
students get your etiquette dinner tix $7 in Seton 120. Dinner is 2/8. Learn to network in business setting over dinner!
Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow again. Maybe he needs to stand in a different light.
Yeah buddy <3
Life without Mo will certainly have its obstacles. Stay positive and never give up on the best team in the world.
yup yup! Underneath the covers?
Collection=everything we lend (books,ereaders,scissors, calculators, laptops), &everything we provide (DBases, NoodleTools, etc)
I would like to just skip this day. My eyes are really messed up/cant see out of my new glasses and headache.
nuthin I'm goin to panama city not next week but the next and I was supposed to get them new js but they dont have my size
good news ... None of the players have to go to school tomorrow because they all have pneumonia.
Same reports came out of Denver Friday and AZ Sunday
Thanks! (You should have seen the look on my face--that was a sweet surprise!)
I'm going to kill my pillow if I don't finish this algebra study guide tonight :/
MUST★★Follow and thank you
Swoon. He is so adorable!
lmao, ya'll got your lyrics done?
u make me wanna drive drunk and go to jail again #shitpeopleneversay but that's how I feel
Have a teenager who might be interested in yoga? Bring them buy our Yoga Magic class (suited for 11-18 year-olds) tonight from 6-7pm!
Back from one of my favorite weekends with my favorite people!
That was upsetting.
Oh My God Becky Look At Her But! Tunechi :D
Hee hee thank you :) I like to make sure you all feel truly a part of my crazy life. Or answer my confusion. :)
Don't forget, u can WIN a $50 EOI Gift Certificate just by doing a quick review of us on either Citysearch, Yelp, Google Places or Yahoo!
yes sir. boy does it take a commitment
I Love the Coca Cola Christmas adverts.
when you coming back to town?
-- bird's song / left to the world / now it's just the sound of the pine #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
so i get out the shower and put clothes on and im wonderin why my outfit not lookin right...and i realize i forgot to put on a bra lmao
thank you for the shout out. we are excited to be riding a new wave.
Arrived in Vale, OR last night. Phew! I've been walking each day since Madras! That's a long haul! Staying here 2 nts then into Idaho!
love the trailer. will i see you at tonight?
Do any of these words appear in your bio: Hair, Beauty, Makeup, Nails, Skin? You need to follow and connect with !
:( on the brightside, check out pic from sock monkey site on fb. almost as cool as my sock monkey wearing the pens shirt and helmet.
Nights were you can't sleep <<<
What a weekend! Milwaukee, it was great to see you out at Bar Louie Water St. Big thanks to the Love Monkeys! Look for more live music
Shurna has one ugly shot, but the thing goes in. UW should be able to beat these guys off the trouble and get inside.
Saw your #FF for being an inspiring guy! Sounds like you're right up our alley ;-)
Does anyone else feel like they've sometimes been plopped in as a character in an indie film? It's been one of those nights...
“: Married, 2 kids, with a phone full of naked gay men, but you're straight? Lies!!!!!” lmao
They loving the crew +_+
Doing well, my friend. Took a day off and enjoyed the gorgeous NYC day. Have a great weekend!
“: If a movie were to be made about our mining experiences what should it be called?” Dude, where's my Gold?
A while ago, you rec'd Peter Ho Davies' 'Equal Love' as good reading. Just picked up a used copy and enjoying it. Thank you!
no problem.????
i thiink the clock on my wall is like an hour ahead.... i should fix that-- nah ill just remember that its an hour fast
Check it out at NaLee2010.com mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold
ATTENTION: towers is now serving Virginia ham so if you've yet to have ham from Virginia don't let this opportunity surpass you
Is he reversing what MLK Jr did?
No work all play
Proverbs 2:3-4 Cry out for insight, and ask for understanding. Search for them as you would for silver; seek them like hidden treasures.
Very nice! We will try and include that on Saturday's party playlist just for you :)
RT : is that a Meetup? Similar. It's at belo nightclub. See u there
Chillin bout to watch a movie. Netflix time haha
I might fall asleep on this here couch.
Revolucion crates changes in our system of living waking up visualizes better future in our life system.
Doing things you don't notice your doing <
I got a hair cut and now I can't just put my hand behind my back on the top of my jeans and touch my hair. I have to reach for it now...WAH.
I can't take it if people are mad at me. I'm too sensitive /:
Packers are owning this draft so far.
Are you going to share? Or do we have to come to the meeting.
Stay tuned. Announcing soon...
Good morning tweeps! Looks like it's shaping up to be another beautiful day in the ATL
Somehow I've gotten to the point where I can sit down and just write a page in half an hour. Not the best, but adequate. I'll take it.
Wake Wood (2011): An Irish Pet Semetary. Creepy, emotional tone, but little girl: not scary. Ending: murky. 2.89:5 (Hammer Films Returns!)
my legs are sore from saturday. Come give me a massage?
TONIGHT Hot Days in a Row, No Shit, Fix the Motherfucker $6. RT Hot days in a row like we have had create lots of power flowing.
Enjoy those 50s' today because it will FEEL GOOD! Thanks for watching us on the !
Keep me close keep me cloooseee!!!
I don't get why doc doesn't take him out
Flip cam... Oops.
Many thanks for the staff pick. I used to live in Johnson County and spent a good many afternoons in my local library!
Next iron chef is so BA
we're fine, but his family doesnt like me because im black and hes white and i told him i dnt think im good enuf :/
LOL @ Merton Hanks!
maybe bcz they adore your icon lolz :)
I think you'd enjoy following
If u over 25 years old and u still fighting somebody...you need to reevaluate your life.
peggy fleming
aye I'm out here! Vegas! What up doe?!
Parking at #mobile2012? Park in Sheraton self-parking garage. Ask registration desk for validation to get discounted rate of $10 per day.
man, just 50 pp in, but it's so very, very much my pleasure...
How to support #wellesleydh (cont.): give up being the only expert on your topic...collaborate, collaborate, collaborate!
My pictures never come out right.
Oh Em Ge. Twitter, Please Fix This Problem !
Jammin out to some && in the car (:
-comes home, has homework to do- -ask parents if aloud on computer-
“: Blu played whoop rico last night ^.^”
I can't believe Danny flaked on us.
You have such amazing friends.
Chad G. has silenced his critics, basking in the warmth of his 200 twitter followers.
no prob big man:) the wife loves helping out on fun projects.
It's boring lol.
Ryan Tannehill is this year's Christian Ponder
#HealthTip Regularly eating nutrient-rich meals (particularly protein rich) and snacks is essential for overcoming the urge to overeat.
Planning to be at the #alamw11 exhibits tomorrow. Any AIIP/SLA folds want to meet up?
Happy Birthday!!
Purple Rhino is available for $35 and 8th all day today @ Tea Pot Lounge
Wow-the intro on #charliechrist topic on #billmaher was rough for those who "don't know"
Hey , we promise to shout out answers from the treadmill if you add some #cancer or #running questions to the mix on Thurs.
I've got strep and cat scratch fever. I'm a winner!
Going on Day Two of...nothin' much, in a satin robe. And it is heavenly.
because the UK fans think were all damn bitches. 1. because we say harrys name differently 2. bc the album was #1 only here
You're right. I just got caught up in the moment. They're still stupid.
Almost everything decision makers need to know about the competitive environment can be discovered using legal, ethical means.
thanks! I'll be there late tomorrow. Hope to see you!
So it's not enough for the Coyotes to get outplayed and out-hustled by the Kings, they have to be outclassed by them, too. Nice trifecta.
shit yeah.. me too. i need to do that review lmao. I hope so too that'd make everything easier..
Thanks for all the #FF love!
Barrack Obama is a genius. Now he'll get all the gays to vote for hin instead of that sympathizing Morman.
Florida, US <3
Why yes! Mwah-ah-ah-ah!
Just contributed to 's spring pledge drive in honor of the great #waltbodine -- a Kansas City icon. Thanks Mr. Bodine!
I hate how quick my nerves an be recked
:s eeeeyyyaaaaasssss :s
RT : we're so incredibly lucky to have such fantastic leadership and mentors - you guys n' gals all rock!
A civil war veteran finally has a tombstone to mark his Ohio grave, 87 years after his death.
You twitter muted me. I win <3
The indy world wants something different and we in the South are bringing just that to you.
thanks KYLE. Miss you
I'm not sure...
can you please follow me back <3 it'll mean alot to me <3
my next project will be automatically posting them to a Tumblr :)
How do you like Erik and Graham? Hope you are enjoying the course!!
Addendum: there shall be slow, awkward tweeting from
I will organize my information and email you all soon! Thanks!!
I tweeted that on Monday, when you are closed. But liking my britches to fit is a problem if I eat there too often. :)
Thanksgiving was great in NYC. Now back to LaLa Land. All my love to family and friends
This week is going by slow af...
Love it! Glad I'm not the only one ;)
Yo! It's birthday! Happy birthday syd!! #Rratedmovies #thatsaboutit :) have a good one!
Also, we didn't get to turn our butterflies loose today, so I had to feed them again. I don't want to be responsible for dead butterflies!
Wow, lots of blog spam about the Zune. What's up with that?
Apple University is bringing in to speak, I highly recommend going if you can
I'm not sayin Lebron isn't good but he's def not the best. Everyone on his dick acting like he's the best thing since forever
Love this quote!
I have a cousin who was a police officer there - he could probably beat those haha!
Jn 16:13 However, when the Spirit of truth comes he will lead you to the complete truth
I dig
I got my hopes up thinking that i would see the ,oh well they still looked god(:
Could you do a mixed approach? Good microfilm is scanned, bad is rephotographed? Would time sorting cancel out $ savings?
So after last nights show, I think I'll make being a rockstar my main gig. Yeah... sounds good.
get money
EPP will be at Shidler College of Business in Honolulu on Thursday for the Career Expo! Now accepting intern applications. Stop by & say hi!
Anyone who knows me well knows how I love Monkees... and Davy Jones was def one of my favorite... R.I.P.
grandmas for the night. :)
The picture is the roundabout at the West Portal Elementary School
San Antonio: T-storms between 1-4pm, few with hail and strong winds.
I was just impressed she's my moms age dancing hard! Fun!
has been enjoying coworkers' responses to lunchtime poi and hoop practice, and just might make a few converts.
I asked what she wanted 4 lunch this a.m. I heard veggies & hummus. She thought I had pizza. Just got her lunch, no pizza. :(
okayy then clue me in on what we're doing because I have no clue
Chris Paul puttin the team on his back right now
I think your twitter account got hacked. I got a SPAM message from you. May want to reset your password.
were excited to play on the 15th! Looking forward to seeing you again!
uses to be on Mcdonalds commercials... I almost forgot lol
I hate you,for no reason, but i hate you
just trying to network on twitter....
. bought an Alan (The Hangover) bobblehead in Vegas. Tonight, it started talking without us even interacting with it.
just checked my ship date and it got bumped up to April 2nd, could be magical timing
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Take No Prisoners! – How USA has treated POW’s
SKEETONES are back JUNE 10 w/ ProbCause & Dark Colour! AND both floors open all night - Marky C and RSS holding it down in the basement! $5!
Thanks to all my fans... haha. Oh, trying to keep pace w/you... gonna hit 30 pages this weekend!
Unbelievable!!! Damn, he is good...thank you Obama!!!
CHRISTIAN! YOU LIKE SPONGEBOB?
That's not really my area of expertise. I can tell you how I treat my college students.
Thanks Mom, for everything - the list is long and extensive - but most of all, thanks for your continued love and support to this very day.
We just had a really fun fire drill here The man from the fire dept was really nice and funny. It's the little things, you know?
Tom's recap of meeting all of the NFL Head Coaches last weekend. Great stories and some surprises, too. Plus you KNOW we're talking...
somehow, I'm not surprised. :-)
wow! i mean really, wow! = weekend. in the office back in pearland! doing what i do best.
Good Luck!
inbox me in twitter
they did. Thx
Do I need a laptop for the NeatLine workshop, or can I just bring my ipad?
So.. Im bouta go get my damn school supplies! Smh.. -_-.
#ff to , who's leaving our Boston office to join our "west office" in Colorado. Skype work parties are on the horizon!
Woohoo! updated Terminal B with a Starbucks inside the gate area. That makes me super happy!
"This time last year, we were here, and there's so much more that I know now that I didn't know back then."
Idk why I find myself always hoping this is going to work. It's not. Moving on.
Design talk with Michael Nieling of was stellar! THX to the MIAD crew for putting it together!
Thanks for checking in on #Foursquare this past weekend! I hope you enjoyed your stay
Yup! but imma eat ice cream so I'm good :)
Emily: Cahill indictment has other state officials furiously scrubbing their names from "Welcome to Mass." and other kinds of signs
my bro needs to hurry the fuck up out of the shower i need to get in i didnt even get ready for school yet i need to leave by 7:30 now 7:13!
San Jose has basically become the number 2 city that support my music. I love my 408 fam
A special thank you to ALL of our new followers!!!!
“: yea I know u beat WVU” I really give none fucks but couldn't pass it up
Filipino men can't get enough of me!
I've seen some so-called "protection mechanisms" with FB since I saw you all last on 8.26.2010/1:30pmpdt. What geeks write that garbage?
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. I was born & raised in Oklahoma!!
yes, i am fine. a little carbon monoxide poisoning. the hard part is grading after a long day. hope your semester ends well
Tune in now - Rangers Post Game show!
Wishes it was warm out, randomly in the mood for Mini Golf and a backyard BBQ. I think I'm losing it lol
How awesome and unexpected! Local blues legend Little Joe Washington...is on teh Twitter! Follow here:
Take a deep breathe, sigh and accepting the fact that will never follow me! :( even i use this hashtag
#thatcampPNW How to gain the skills to use/teach the Geo-Web/"Neo Geo?
Amos Lee tore my heart out a little bit.
that performance was amazing. I loved it!!!!
Made a ten cent donation to George Zimmerman's defense fund (and mailed it postage due).
CASTLE STALKER
Finally lunch time
#BaylorBear Wow. Impressive.
It could, but that would be silly. Their time has to be worth more than I paid for the room.
The distance is nothing; it's only the first step that is difficult. -Marquise du Deffand
": tried out to be a Denver Bronco Cheerleader! He didn't make it though. #ProveAPoint #NeverGiveUp #KeepTrying"
Midwest Sees a Sand Rush: The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources rejected the petition, saying existing regulations addressed ...
Thanks so much for a great luncheon! The food was delicious and the #atkinscookbook is just what I need to shed this baby weight!
Watching a movie in class should be fun but it's not at the moment
...my IPHONE is Donna.
The two most popular sports in the US are locked out. Will worker productivity improve for the remainder of this year?
My husband makes friends wherever he goes.... Just like Justin Bieber
oops, should have said *now* THAT's sweet (referring to your SJC spot) - way proud!
Just put 16gb of ram in the macbook pro. Time to edit some friggin' Monsters Wanted footage.
Missed last weekends Antique show and need a place to stay in the Spring. We are conveniently located 5 minutes away just across the river.
yes! the pasta itself was tasty, but the ravioli aspect didn't really work out. lots of tearing.
Lunch with the wife and trolls then off to show buyer
Just got new plates for my car - SPTG KC. It's ridiculous how excited I am that this wasn't already taken...
Energy? Talk Boxers... Not a word! But energy's required! Border Collies? love labs, extroverts love German Sheps!
I'm really in the mood to watch a good soccer game... Help a girl out?
this market has a huge shortage in people who can do industrial/commercial HVAC
Awesome! That was so funny and you look great! Very insightful. Have fun this weekend!
I feel like our school is going to be like 8 mile and is eminem
those are sick!
Exactly. It was smart of you to get out of the “being a virgin” market when you did.
Big Thanks to all our Followers for helping get the word out about our charity album for the Jan 8th Tucson Shooting Victims!
Why do that.. then everybody loses.
“: Pillow of Winds: No. 3 Gin, lemon juice, sage-infused ginger syrup, egg whites” night cap
St. Xavier gets two runners on to start the T3, but can't push any runs across. Trinity leads 3-0 after 2.5 innings. Tigers have stranded 4.
me and ron in working on these maple floors after ac both ac units flooded the floors and required them to be repaired...nodaysoff
Thinking about East coast friends........
I want all the books.
Bed head, makeup down my face, and PJ's in the car, noice.
IT DOES(:<
Im so sleepy, but we're about to go out to eat :(
thanks for spreading the word about
It's so terrifying. Straight people do weird things. I think my friends are going to hammerheads now for 80s night, idk.
listening to on Spotify. I haven't even finished one song and I know I love it. #truth #it'sgreat
I love you RT for a rate
#3wordforyou I feel Nice
Attention! Albuquerque , NM ! Venue change; we are performing at Gasworks tonight! 2429 Quincy st. NE! Doors at 7!
I really want Sour Punch Straws the strawberry flavored :)) <3
I dont know! there was like a news story that like children above9 that grind their teeth have ADHD. he should..guess what
garagiste/Jon Rimmerman - "(los pilares) the most exciting wine I’ve tasted from the Golden State in many years" "Cornelissen meets Copain"
WHAT??? How about tonight?
I'm so glad it's socially acceptable to drink wine alone. Wait, it is, right?
no I belong to 24 hr
happy birffffday c:
Just because no one knows what your costume is dosn't mean you failed at Halloween, it just means your a massive fucking nerd..in a good way
U CAN SAY THAT AGAIN. IT'S WHO U ARE WITHIN. MONEY MAKES LIFE EASIER THAT'S ALL. MAKE U ARROGANT
Anybody want to pick Raven up from work today? No? Cool...
tweeting from the school board meet tonight
Middle school
Thanks! A great day of mixing ahead. Wish you the same.
I just read a story about a blind guy who's training to run in his eleventh marathon in case you were wondering how lazy you are
Business with Ivor - Live from St Albans - Apr 30,2012 Crafting your Facebook profile How to use Facebook - strategy How to integrat
My feeling is that you were holding back because you didn't want to give away the store at $25/moth. Is that true? Best, Zeb
Overheard: can I get a virgin margarita? Bartender: lemonade okay?
Im ready for today to be over so i can be my #birthday :)
Can't beat free! RT I'm playing at Cityblast tonight in Puyallup, Wa 8pm Puyallup Fairgrounds come on out if you can it's free!
does the 34 even exist? WTF is going on?
if I could I would marry you because I love you! ♥
Omg, your fucking avi. Can I just have you already!?!?!
LOVE it. Huskies couldn't ever use that plate frame tho... They WERE actually win-less just a few years ago. Ha.
i know u r only replying 2 stupidity but he will never say what he does 2 anyone's face, esp the ravens..not worth it
Got a flu shot today. Hope it keeps me protected from the evil flu...
I need a topic for my editorial this week on #thedailywiz. Any ideas?
Where's the place to be tonight DENVER!?! :)
Procrastination is the thief of time. - Chinese Proverb
I so feel the same...
Yay! Congrats Lady! RT It's official! I'm honored to be in the 2012 #OpeningDay Heading to NYC!
Damn it feels good to be a napper.
Rebekah and 's number were officially blocked. You know why.
That 70s Show>>>
You got it dude :) Also, my home needs more lamson artwork.
#YouCuteAndAllBut You Not My Cutest;) Lol
RT : Life in the Democratic Congress: Another Day, Another Bailout.> I think its American's fault b/c they keep send ths thugs $
Oh yes. Many fond memories of the modem grinding to set up a DOOM or RotT deathmatch :)
man yea u already know that feast Sat was on point!
I hate when i fuck up..i just hate it!
thank you! :)
i can really use a relaxation right about now. if u know what i mean ;) lol
Baseball: New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera suffers torn knee ligament ... - San Jose Mercury News - Error
Congrats to one of my BFF's on graduation!!! So proud!!
I need to let loose once in awhile! I care way to much on what people think about me.
hm whos german and can help me with german homework?
ah I cant wait!
aloha indeed. :)
Today's lunch is a slice of spinach mushroom quiche and a cup of honey ginseng green tea.
Pizza at Patsy's followed by Upright Citizens Brigade. Perfect Friday!
we shld have a roscoes or penguin date soon! #NOMNOMNOM are you doing #afterbuzz tonight? I have to let the masses know!
me to...it's perfect ;)
Does anyone have "Teaching in the Art Museum" from the SAM yesterday? I want to review it on Museum-Ed. Or maybe you'd review it?
I have to show y'all how Mr. Columbus parties! And it's the bday weekend? #PureIgnorance !!! Lmao
Nice comment. Because it was signed as "J," my boss thought I posted it. Heh.
Life is agreeable. Death is peaceful. It's the cross over that is bothersome.
Celts showing they have one more championship run in 'em.
let me know. I'm here all week for it. Ask albie and dean, I'm really harmless ;)
thank you!(:
We are thinking about running more specials this summer. What dental special would you like to see from us?
baby, are u okay?
RT : Former OSU Cowboy Donovan Woods is released from the Dallas Cowboys.
Stannier: build a staircase not a sieve
awww, I love it when you're gushy :)
RT : Well said...RT Media: please stop interviewing "Tanning Mom." That is all.
yep, and I will take care of u then baby girl.
Ok Chris Brown that was dope staging. Really.
did i mention i ♥ live music? really, what would life be?
Blerrrg, such a hard time waking up this morning. I picked the wrong day to stop sniffing glue -- I mean, drinking coffee.
Men do less than they ought,unless they do all they can.Thomas Carlyle
People didn't make you, so don't allow them to break you
Tavern Trivia tonight starting at 7:30! Hints o' the week: Super Bowl may be over but do you know who Chuck Howley is? Best find out for...
The DOIT help desk is now the Technical Support Center and they are now located on the #UMBC library's first floor! Come by and say hello!
Why do call me cutie?
I really should tweet more. I find myself reading others tweets and then forget that I too must join the conversation.
When I saw this I thought it was going to be about Bubba the Love Sponge.
Of course, this chat is meant to be interactive, so please feel free to chime in at any time with your Q’s or comments
Today is gonna be awesome!
Cold morning in Spring Hill today. How's the weather where you are?
Nice night. Blaring Bob Uecker out the living room window, drinking moscato in my tailgate chair, photoshopping.
Can't waitt...
#whenimeetjustin i will be dead by then, because he will never notice me.
Full moon ain't shit compared to a Scumbag Steve meets Chuck Testa meets Antoine Dodson posse cut.
I'll be right over! Haha.
Give Away Free McDonald's Gift Cards courtesy of the McDonald's Corporation.
Our metaphysical consultant says that waffles are the penultimate energy clearing vessel, second only to crystals, duh.
Who did the ranking?
Eric D LUX in main room …Karaoke in the libray..Marquee mondays
I freaking love peanut butter💗💗
Did a new photo shoot today! Now in the editing stage...
Happy Monday! May we all have a productive week ahead!
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Holy shit. #Avengers made $200.3 million this weekend?
I don't want to go to school >_<
#langchat, if you have some musically intelligent kids, they could write a song as the end of a PBL. Tons of free music creation websites.
;o SAME!
Lol so yesterday I went to the mall(: I passed Lids and was looking inside to see if i saw And my mom was like what r u doing!
aw thanks! So glad you're a customer! :)
Dean Barbara Rimer at UNC Gillings School of Public emphasized the importance of translational research in moving from efficacy to equity.
Tonight im spinning SoundBar Minneapolis THe newest hip Hop and R&B its 21+ LEGO
I love this team! GO CATS!
so we need to talk more <3 =D how are you?!
on my way to this dumb ass school -_- Hopefully my day goes good.
you did?! How was it???
Ah, Florida still sucks. Publix is still pretty great though.
RT : I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” she'sfantastic!!!
yeah i had some short.. but not that short... like to my ear lobe is the shortest i ever had it
Bed time for me...
- you guys really rocked by adding both email *and* buffer to your "channels"
It's going to be a good day. Because I said so.
Granger has 11, but he doesn't have any help...Bulls have four guys with 6 or more, Rose has 9, Bulls lead 29-20
its tough but the defense keeps us in games...now let's get this offense in gear...jets next week...we need that one
the Tribe vs Terps in College Park Sept 1st, 2012. Sounds like a DC road trip to me.
LOL. no man
Anything for baseball!
Real and Barca? Oh, and those pesky-ass world beaters, Wigan.
You are go to jiggle it
Time to think.
yeah that's just like east coast because you guys colonized it and everything.
he never ceases to amaze me, THE Kobe Bryant
My hotwings turning out to be great
Yes, Monday has returned. But boy, what a nice weekend! Was it fun?
lucky that we r losing plyrs, but packers will b SB champs! If not, I'll make a donation to the charity of ur choice
Special call out to our followers to Retweet the prior tweet - "we" (Nelson Mandela, people of Mvezo +) appreciate the support - thank you!
she only taked abt what i would classify as a #RatchetAssHoe yeah white girls can win against those kind. She never said real
i'm IDIOT! U.U'
Merry Christmas! I am counting my blessings tonight. God Bless!
It's going to be fun!! Get the word out to all the other trainers.
Underestimation is your secret weapon. With Over-estimation there's only one place to go. And it ain't good ;)
my life is brilliant..MY LOVE IS PURE
What do you like, what do you love and what do you adore?
,oh ok carryon
I've been in touch with Brian Geldin about thanks to your suggestion at mentor session - SXSW. thanks!
I love that church!
Livin it up Kentucky style at Princeton Day School tonight... great evening ahead, congrats to on a fabulous event
can you explain to me why espn thinks fans of 28 other teams want to hear about sox/yanks all the time?
What's everyone up to?
also file under highly unlikely things: that Uma Thurman would want anything to do with marginally talented Brit director
you told me that lol
Barack Obama was the first sitting senator to win election to the presidency since John Kennedy...
I told my chick to hold on cuz it was going to be awhile
Time May Take Us Apart but, I Will Still Love You,,, I Promise.<3
I thought you didn't drink? That looks like a margarita in your new pic?
Patriots aren't used to smash mouth football. Keep on crying abt it.
Where in Boca???? I'm in Ft. Lauderdale. Would love to see you.
good man! It's the best sport
From The Steps of the Avon Theater, To The Stage of Madison Square Garden.
Hope youre still listenin to ! Some talented ladies in here. RT we r in studio & on in 5 mins!
congrats on another successful conference & thank you for the great hospitality
Aw come on, I'm lurking here.
Club Cinema is back
I hope Samsung is now installing the correct capacitors in their defective 46" LCD TVs
just incredible!
Happy Labor Day! We hope everybody is enjoying a relaxing long weekend with family, guests, football and Labor Day sales!
#Packers set Family Night for Friday, Aug. 3. Details coming
just got a table..take her to a park, make her run a mile then have a tea party with chamomile tea. she'll be out like a light :p
Looking for great short stories appropriate for teaching to 7th graders. Ideas?
Today for lunch we had cobbler instead of Pie. But it's Pi day!
That kid has skills. Going to be a pleasure watching him grow into superstar.
Hey im going to my new home in Miami :)
#replace1wordinamoviewithgrind 'Austin Powers: The Spy who Grind Me'
dude, I feel like super violated -___-
Great! How was yours? :)
Speaking of Mary she's gone off that Molly.
More food in this house than I've seen in a long time. All super healthy too.
I hate the spam on twitter. Very irritating!
What connor did to 's phone.<<<
Tax day on a Monday, now that is a rough way to start the week.
would I have to refresh everytime I delete? this has been happening for weeks. I'd rather not have to click that much.
Martin Luther King Jr. must looked at as a founding father of the New America.- Congressman John Lewis
That's cool. I know someone who just got hit with trademark infringement from Norwood Promotional Products who own the mark.
BTW great article in April issue of #Artforum about "Art After Nature"
It's #mustacheawareness month :{ if you have a mustache send me a pic! Go
Congrats on the deal, happy you are staying in Baltimore next year
Nevermind where you’re from, we’re reacting cause we preview death.
RT : Fun Fact: China has the world’s longest continuously used written language.
First try vocabsushi.com w/code "ilovevocab" -$10off RT : Can someone tell me if getting the #GRE #vocab flash cards were worth it? :)
Okay i'm in a bitchy mood now.
YEAH. THAT'S RIGHT.
Highland brewery tour in Asheville!
Be the leader and be forever responsible for your own day.
Leading car finance website Car Loan 4U explains why new cars are so... The UK’s leading car finance website Car Loan 4U comments on th
And my God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus. ~Philippians 4:19
3/4/12 Female artist if the day #TaraDonovan. Cellular and globular forms that remind me of the building blocks of life.
When #ChuckNorris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.
hey everyone!
Nice hike today with . Saw a baby rattler on the way up.
Meeting at WPPI Energy in Sun Prairie to discuss how to maximize the impact of municipal owned electric utilities in economic development.
I find humor in all relationships
Good lunch with Great people yesterday...
Listening to give us social media tips at
tweet us when you get here and take a picture from a birds eye view!
She is everything to me, the unrequited dream, the song that no one sings, the unattainable.
I wish I had lived in the 70s 💔✌
Lol good afternoon :)
Congratulations to Arik Weiss, winner of the recent Kol HaOt raffle, who won a print by artist Matt Berkowitz worth $700!!
RT : WOW Clippers down 24 with 8 mins left in game &amp; win the game!!
look at you being on the hill ;)
Thanks for the RT!
in da wilderness.. ):
Wii bowling with dad
I didnt know my old dance videos wud get me so much attention some I dont need.
It was painful to watch us lose again at home. And not a single goal at home. What is wrong?
8pm sunset? You guys are bringing me down. Can we get some nice baseball weather tonite and tom. to compensate?
& I see a hater
great man heading to the mountains for the weekend hbu?
Your emotions are the most present-centred thing you have.
That's right , I'm a tweeter. I just blew your mind. x
Bitch don't make fun of my videos, while I'm doing that your having sex on a picnic table getting caught(;
I can change font in the menu, but display does not change.
Caribbean Queen ;)
What's worse? A Chrysler car or a Fiat? Excuse me, I mean which is better?
Register now at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Prepping for sept show. How about you?
ur so nice. Ur not bothering me I'm done now though I only had a little bit to do
ATTENTION ALL CITIZENS OF TWITTER DO NOT EAT TACO BELL ANYMORE THE MEAT THEY GET FROM CHINA IS DOG AND CAT IT HAS BEEN TESTED & PROVEN TRUE
I hope not! RT : Are companies who use Google + well, do they also send the same messaging out thru other social venues?
that moment when you order so much chinese food for yourself that they give enough fortune cookies for 3 people.
can u give me a shoutout??please I need more followers
Are da bulls gonna mount a comeback?
Instagram Camera: This Designer Aims to Turn a Spoof into Reality
That one stage in lost planet is impossible to beat for reasons
is that a mansion? that's is a crazy high rent in chgo.
UFC fight one you bored me
#21in21 here is my 6th article about not moving to FL if you do not understand there are rules....
My home precinct, Providence District Democratic Committee, won Fairfax Democrats' District of the Year again, for second year in a row.
well sorry if i really did make you cry, i made myself tear up!
well....my doors are locked at least....
Hello Quincy! I'm Zeola Gaye, the baby sister of Marvin Gaye. I just wanted to send you my love♥
Cool magazine! What kind of info are you looking for?
I hope everyone is having a good morning.
A GREED.
in her dreams haha
is hilarious.
No problem!
I mean I'm sure it was all for the good. I'm sure she wasn't tryin to #SmashABruh..just makin sure he stayed in his legacy.
I knew a guy who blogged about hating being married...He had to quit. Ran out material when his wife divorced him. :-)
The person has two and I'm like you should let me borrow one. lol
Extra credit. (;
thanks! Are u from Detroit?
Thanks for the RT!!!
movie date!
Something is wrong when you take the day off and you arrive too early to the Post Office.
I couldn't agree more! Thanks for the free roll, too. You guys rock!
good morning Romeo! Thanks for the RT! We need to raise lots of money to help our neighbors!
PS: I'm watching Dead Man as I read your tweet, which means that I doubly agree...
Yall Ladies Need To Be Ashamed Of Yallselves Tryin To Hold Out For A Tall Man....
Aww I didn't think of that. That is sad. RT but... but... andy reid lolol's :(
ok if it is a #KO, in the 6th. Mayweather winning!
Happy Thursday everyone! hope all of you are doing well <3
If your paper ain't $tack'n you $lack'n! Grind to the gristle !!!
i hate when you act different around your friends when your with me
omg yes ! He was the Lucky one ..... About EVERY NIGHT hahahaha . "I know what happened to him" :'( omg Ima loose it
thank Danno! Miss you so much!
i had such a HUGE TORMENDOUS Crush on him nd Still do ;) :)ILYShawty<3
black leather, crocodile embossed. and red carpet (not that you asked).
Oxymoron of the day..Louisville fan calling a UK fan an idiot.
lmao I forgot about that!!! You guys did rock that shit pretty hard lol
Ur hair cool the way its....why do u want to dye
Something exciting coming soon.
i am not playing.... i am really pooped
At the airport in colorado springs, and gonna fly first class all the way to dallas texas :D hopefully there arnt any suicide bombers
Omg it's like a bagillion degrees in my room right now 😓
RT : Khloe Tweets about the Roast: Kan't we all just get along?
How long is Fall Break?
Try Strictly Roots in Harlem,they are great!
Touch screen keyboards are awesome
#tu320 Constant Partial Attention = new "multitasking"
Visitors. Shoppers. Artisans. Craft aficionados. You ready?
I hate it cause of drama
God is love<3
HELL YEAH! I'm gonna get the lime green leopard printed ones next
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.
Haha I'm going to the east coast on June 2nd and the 3rd! Quick trip though :(
“: Being Amish would be awesome!” hahaha ironic!
were the NFL first team on twitter
Playing football with my family :D, im the goalie >:)
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
When people have been married for a while they start looking like brother and sister.
you know i be sanging the songs...****dontcha get curried away*****
leave me alone. haven't you done enough?
For the first time EVER i will not be the token Jew @ the company holiday party.
S/O to for being the worst texter in the world
what video editing software did/do you use for your video interviews?
why would you not just get a laptop? ;)
got money for christmas thats all i ever get ;)
but for under $3k for a sweet cam and a few lenses is awesome.
yea I am....I'm really sleepy this morning
I got a flat fixed there once, and I was definitely looking over my shoulder the whole time. It's across from the bus station.
Loss of Wilson is a huge blow to SF He was the anchor for a nasty bullpen which now has no true closer. Interested to see how they rebound.
staccato riff C/C#/D/F C/C#/D second cousin descending G/F#/F/D/^D/C# G/F#/F/D/^C#
Hard to explain an SAT trick in 140 chars. Will put tricks on the website soon, even better sign up for tutoring and I'll explain in person!
Checking into the East Coast Game Conference!
YES! Jamie Moyer makes Rockies rotation.
I booked a principal role in a SAG national Coca-Cola commercial. It is going to be a great Coca-Cola and Nascar weekend in South Florida!
I guess I got exactly what you feel I deserved. Now that that's resolved, I'd like to stop feeling like a fool if that's even possible.
Why do people walk around listening to their music through their phone speaker?
Yes, I'm there often. Drop me an email at . Would love to chat.
foster the people doing "wouldn't it be nice"? i love this song, but not performed by these clowns
there is an amaZing afternoon downpour Storm happening right now in #Miami with lots of thunder and cero visibility uff!
That travel coffee mug you got me for Christmas is great!
Holy crap
No YOU are welcome! (no? well at least you got meatballs)
25 days-still have intermittent signal even with new modem, executive appeals & customer svc calls, and tech visits
Falling in love with you is the 2nd best thing in the world. Finding you was the 1st.
how can they even..how is that even..eh oh I can't I can't. Smh
U lose from 130-205 calories roller skating......hm.....so why not bring the whole family to our Beginning Of Summer Skate Party?
It's a Randy Rogers kinda night
#itshardwhen you love, love but it hates you
Up way to early
none of my crushes ever liked me!
#budinger can jump... but he has no creativity
I think I have a dozen old phones. I could score big
I actually had him in class at Colgate University long ago- amazing man! I took both Atlantis and Western Eso with him!
#Favoriterecipe from childhood: Wiener Willy: cold flour tortilla, mini mart potato salad, cold turkey dogs. Back seat is the chef!
It is good to know there is someone else who loves gross looking delicious candy!!!
need some photographic evidence to support a claim like that!
As you might expect: chock full of wonderful dog collars throughout history.
I can't watch it or I'll feel like a cheater
and don't forget to make one for !
oh shoot. Well, I can sign an adhesive bookplate that you can stick it your book.
now the real world :)
Please be careful out there.
Congrats to Shakira for being this years Latin GRAMMYs person of the year!
Cereal Time
you want it / you got it / / here's your culture war
cool beans yo
they like write music? xD
Would like to add another coach to my #team by may 1 :) will work to help
Well today was<<<<<<<but dat blunt ws on time
My favorite super bowl commercial so far...... #DavidBeckham 😍
I almost got that ! Looks legit
I wish a nigga would.
My dog brings out a very weird side of me.
Who else loves The Alpha Agency?
Welcome Home!!!
Dude got skillz Red! Just waiting on the world to get a hold of you!
I have to wake up in 3 hours, awesome.
Samoa Joe got screwed.
: GO BOOBIE! Love you!>> Thank you boo!!! Love you more!!
i cant laugh cry or sneeze or cough or move without being in pain blahh :/
Why is this guy talking?
Cheers to the weekend:) 10 more minutes.
I hereby rename Turkey: Ostrich. Now, let's ostrichize those terrorist bastard evil liberal muslim Obama loving promiscuous WEIRDOS.
To you can get me a double cheese burger I'm dying for one haven't had one since before soccer season
meeting up with the guys in a bit to take a ride on the bikes to lunch!
hahaha what happened when we left? :o
Someone through flour on kim kardashian at a red carpet event? LMAOOOOOO...talk about frying some chicken.
Getting ready for North Side Leadership Conference meeting for NS sandwich week. There will be great food and events.
Hahaha “: KD called OKC's four turnover performance doing "decent" in that department. Related: Kate Upton looks "decent."”
GM twitter it feels go to be ur boss in the book industry I feel everyone has a story to tell so put it on paper
This is the 3rd time at UK that 3 players have scored their 1,000th career point in the same season (1983-1984 and 1991-1992 are the others)
AW SHIET. ;D
Great article in this months on keep up the great work Matt!
im Down when your ready Brother!!! JTP/Tat shop"!!!! we dont stop!!! gonna own the World!!!! Jo-Wayne
Must. Not. Lie. Down.
When I get your email, you would like a screen shot/copy back of that?
American Airlines doesn't fly out of there. :( :(
What did you think of todays's Occupy Portland Protest and confrontations with Police?
hat tip to both of you as well! Thanks for posting Laurie! The listening bid changed my way of thinking!
Just met #Denver mayoral candidate so personable! And supporting clinica tepayac! Cast your vote!
"Even the worst mistake beats the hell out of never trying."
Just signed up for a season of vegetables from One Straw Farm. Doesn't start until June, but I'm already a bit excited.
Was that show even real!? If so, that guy's the luckiest "musician" of all time!!!
Lovely!!! Mwah!
absolutely. It will just encourage the BUSINESS of incarceration adding even more. We need solutions.
we also saw mike "mad dog" adams live he was funny
Zigging and zagging is the new career path
Interesting...I had the same interview...result ? Nada. No phone call, no email...Christopher ; 719.481.9476
I'm gonna take a power nap so y'all chill....k?
I'm happy to be in NY...but not so happy to be waking up with this raging hangover right now...
What did you learn from the sports world this weekend? wants to know, so call him @ 888-640-9385 or text him @ 2247-640-640.
Silly #DOW! You're supposed to go up! Not Down!! Got it? Ok? Good talk.
Its Cool Cuzo
MT : Great Day at The White House! Basketball has been very very good to me! Thanks NBA & others who made this a great event!
My sister IS Satan.
Shout out to thx for the follows!
Count down begins for new location, I'm so excited! Stay tuned for more details.
It's been a minute, let me tune in and see what's cracking... WELCOME TO THE BREAKFAST CLUB (Broadcasting live at ustre.am/cYyp)
#StandYourGroundRule is a great law in #Florida and protects innocent people. Trayvon was killed by a criminal who should be prosecuted.
iPhone 4 will be avail early next month 4 VZW...
Latina women do everything do for their family. Language barriers are difficult among parents/children and the Spanish media is insufficient
Kitchen floor tiled today! Looks badass, and yes I am a badass as well! LOL..Feels like beer on the couch watching basketball kind of night!
Thanks, I knew it was today.
My teacher was talking about how people in the 70s were a bunch of pot heads then everyone turned and looked at the pot heads in our class
Where do Baylor's Final Four mock UO sharpies rank?
I'm at New Hope Metro and yes I'll be preaching. Thx!
: Try Reading Town Square. The friendliest, most efficient staff in town. It's like a mom & pop theatre.
The best part of my Tuesday every week is watching #smash from the night before.
Remember when used to have auctions in Chicago? Oh yeah.
Jhawks cleaned up on Big 12 awards
Dear random kids standing outside my house, Leave. Thank you very much
Hellzapoppin featuring music by Camdon Scott (American Idol Semin Finalist) starts @ 9.........
Ask , if she hasn't passed out drunk yet.
hmm ill try but this weekend i have a party or something my moms taking me to so i might be able to do a half hr ill see(:
lol they gone get you lol
Emergency test delivery of pills through mail to be tested in St. Paul, elsewhere - Chicago Tribune
Sorting out 7 Years War & Americans with Disabilities Act, & averting two felonies, is an accomplishment.
yup - sure sounds like you're ready for some fun.
Im tired so goodnight twitter :) <3 ~*S&T*~
Sacramento Valley Heat- www.sacvalleyheat.com
Thanks for having us!
The most telling indication of my advanced age? How much I look forward to eating the exact same breakfast every day.
thanks Kiddo ;-)
ohh lol so facebook is kinda boring too. i agree that twitter is much better. hbuu
Finally home
I find myself not caring about things I used to
Podcast I didn't know of (wha?) just mentioned at #scms12 urban cinema and media studies workshop - 99% invisible
nice. Good luck studying you guys!
its not our fault that theyre doing a tour here. We deserve to see one direction as much as anyone else.
Check out April English Home rear cover, our Floral Bed!
Why isn't anyone crazy about angry birds anymore? Peta crack down or what happened?
just tried your cookies & cream #frozenyogurt flavor yesterday. It was delicious!
Watch out, or Alec Baldwin may get you thrown off the plane.
Jazz Vocalist Dara Tucker plays tonight(Aug 5th) in Nashville at F Scotts
Thank you God for your grace and mercy
#lsu the hat is living a charmed life. Lsu did not deserve to win
Your particular brand of journalism reeks like Jack Kerouac pissed all over it after a night of eating bad asparagus.
do you have a link to audio montage of wash quotes you use on the air?
No, not really lol
LI is so rarely logged-in to by their users, very little chance somebody will go there to search for an advisor.
no what does it say?:O
actually that's a good point… it's weird though that the system didn't let me buy 2 at once since they weren't "together"?
is publishing inspirational book "True Thoughts From Up Above." It will be out in Oct. on Lulu.com, amazon.com, & barnesnoble.com
who said that? I cannot see anything!!
free movie tickets for you. Haha
Good Morning my friends and my lovelies
New Startup = New Twitter Account.
All of the above! I am an equal opportunity bbq eater!
Currently at the premiere of "The Pool Boys" at Graumans Chinese Theater in Hollywood!
why not your not a size 9... I'am!
WHAT , NICKNAMES ALREADY . takin this to fast dont cha think sandra ? ;D ahaha
Thanks for the RT! We're ready for a great show! :)
lol never been there
2 auditions Monday: dance & indie film. Workshoped w/Craig Campobasso of Joy Todd/Craig Campobasso. Tonight w/Assoc. of Burrows/Boland!
no way!! yeah they are!!lol
Was content to wait for table at mex restaurant. Mom took the pester the hostess approach. She won.
I Will Not Give Up Until Justin Bieber Notice me Or Miley Cyrus Does
LMAO that's like the oldest pic ever LOL *slaps self* that night makes me laugh tho so I always keep it LOL ..
& once again you're 35, don't go threatening me.
sorry, Amy. I tried to look it up but I don't own the pattern. Will RT for you, though.
#iidol Joshua & Jessica duet was my favorite!
Little known fact: natl childrens' book ambassador katharine patterson has a red arrow tattoo on her toe.
Lakers fans are the most sensitive, cause if they win, they over hyped, and if they lose, they mad cause we all know Lakers don't lose... 😂
Do you agree? "News is something someone wants suppressed. Everything else is just advertising." Lord Northcliff
10:30pm central I think. If you saw my highlight reel that I posted you'll know which F bomb they'll be making fun of ;)
#incollege it's rre you talk to people in class
Social media rule no 4: use a variety of posts and repost
IU Jazz Combo concert tonight in Ford Hall at 8:30pm! David Linard Trio then Aaron Bannerman Group! Check us out!
Creating our new fan page. Visit us often for the latest news, updates and event info.
check the email & send me some
Thinking about converting the garage to a state university this weekend but just wondering if can help with the road.
hate when that happens!!
RT : yeah I am... I can't use my organs in the grave << you're about to die?
Minnesota lawmakers approve budget deal; governor's signature will end 20-day state shutdown.
Being medically retired would have been the best choice. But he is being medically separated which is the next best option.
Darn good turnout for a primary, looks like students turned out too. But some urban areas *relatively* low.
Stopping at nothing, and doing what's in your heart, you know is right, ...means determination
MITCH McCONNELL was holding the podium tightly because he know he is going to live to regret the ENDORSEMENT ON MIITT ROMNEY. NLD Mom/ca.sur
Door knocking in Aliante tomorrow...who needs to sell their home?
Good ? and advice.
i hate that i have to wait till tomorrow to workout.
All of these #loveindy tweets make me love Indy. :)
's next guest is Maria Semple, The Prospect Finder, to discuss mining your data to reveal relationships
iO is putting the sexy in E-Villa tonight.
Chipmunk movie is out-earning a movie from the collective mind of Spielberg and Peter Jackson. There's so much I don't understand.
Another trip to #Costco! So much #kosher Solomon's Beef, Amnons Pizza, Brookside chocolate covered fruit. What's ner & kosher at yr #Costco?
Follow Me??(:
Glad to see our badgers can pull out beating #1 Ohio state AGAIN without me there. Beautiful
Note: Tweets tagged with "ms" are from PR guy , not jimmy
"*Fire alarm* Teacher: okay kids, single file line Student: move bitch, um about to die"
...Blake lively, Victoria justice, rihanna, Megan fox, candice swanepoel, miranda Kerr, mila kunis, miley cyrus, Jasmine v :)
Monday is going to be an awesome day. Tomorrow we will have College Night AND Banana Pudding Milkshakes will be available!
freaking awesome!!!!!
Thou shalt not commit adultery, unless in the mood.
funny how you didnt mention the major violation against bsu was in tennis....letting a non-student participate in a event...
Huh??? “: I ain't gay. I'm just saying....if Omarion shaved his mustache I'd fuck.”
Yesterday we just children..playing solders just pretending...in backyards winning battles with wooden swords..
Errands and gym later :)
Sound design, recording, and mixing of 8 spots in all three suites with 6 isdn connections in one day.
boys guys like: BLACK HOLE SUN by D.M.Gil ~ sci fi + action. grades 7+. Text, storyline, cover, AND title deemed "cool" by my MS lib guys.
rose has a LAST STEP. MJ had a first, Kobe has a first. Sleep on that Billy.
I wanna see the Hunger Games. It seems awesome!!! 😊
just gave a great speech. Made me tear up!
You are sweet!!
10 hr days are not fun...
Question of the day . how many cans of beans you must eat to gain a great fart .holla at me if you know retweet
its suckss being a teenager
Phillip Phillips<3
Watching the Vikings get their butts kicked the first half, sure it's pre-season but the o-line doesn't look good.
these dudes ring kings wifen erry thing they see
#IWonderIf the boys will even notice the midwest
Happy Hour now (2-for-1’s til 7:00 ), and our $10 all-you-can-drink tap beer special tonight. Yup, must be
goodnite be bless
This ish Cray! About to enroll for a 2nd bachelors. RT : I haven't been there in forever!!!"
My hair is straight party lol
thanks for motivating me to do work
Sorry, , just now seeing Young Adult. It rocks my world...did you go to my high school?
The start of the month has me listening to N'Sync. Huh?
I'm done with the 3 ring side show circus @ work...........bunch of clowns!
but standing up to a most likely drunken idiot is definitely fair. We are all humans with emotions and I think people forget that
I wonder if got some good
Wow! in san Diego! Love this place
Today's magic relationship word is LAUGH
Rajon Rondo is the best PG in the nba PERIOD
Adam and I worked together on it and still didn't finish them
if you die before me I am going to see to it that that phrase goes on your tombstone
I need to take a drive...
We're training CPS educators for our Facilitator Training the next 2 days on using in their classroom.
There is a difference between not knowing and not knowing yet. --Shelia Tobias
Acid Staining Concrete Floors Atlanta Ga www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Stamped Concrete Patios Atlanta Ga 770-380-5277 Check Us Out !
Feel free to bring him :-)
Nope, and for that reason, I'll only buy my shoes from zappos. Much less hassle, better selection, faster!
MT : TweetUp on #kids wins in the #ACA begins in 25 minutes! Come prepared with Qs for #HHS Dr. Askew. Use hashtag
I'll pick up a nice sensible pump! (I know about your bunion problem....) :-)
I bet you fool a lot of other directioners , huh? :) - Blanka
The #props definately meritted... You both cut thru the shite and present it as it is. That's huge 4 all of us!
and no invite smh when I get the wheels y'all niggas is walking to scoo in the snow lmao JK Jk
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need <3 SWS :)
i love you..
#Tbh i wish.i could put u in.my pocket. U could be my lucky charm ;)
I've nearly forgotten what it's like to have the back in the playoffs...but I like it!!!
Win #NationalPublicGardensDay contest prize w/photo of Tudor Place we'll give you a free membership. Bring your camera free tomorrow!
Can't wait to sing my new original song this weekend!
next time let's get crazy and watch a talkie!
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in
Many thanks to round two of practice tweeters it up!
Sleeping every class >>
K #Celtics let's start playing
No problem! :) If you get any other kind of tea there is a brand named "yogi" and they have a tea called "Throat Comfort" it
Kat, you always know how to give me a proper star fucking!
You must have misunderstood me....WHEN do you think he'll lose WABC? I want a date.
Unlock this badge for 10% off and a free bar of Provence soap in Oak Park! www.kupoz.com/carefulpeach m.kupoz.com/carefulpeach
Not yet. I write stuff down and crack people up but im thinking about making it a serious thing soon. What about you?
RT Tonight I got to dance in the pouring rain with 52,000 people. I will NEVER forget it.
I would rather have Crabtree as out Main TE let Finley go play where ever.
My dad just called, after hearing a report on NPR, to ask "Have you ever heard of Berger cookies?"
well you were crooked as fuck haha I lawled
Orlando, FL from $469* INCLUDES 3 nights,Walt Disney World® Dolphin. FEATURES shuttle to Walt Disney World®, Sea World® & Universal...
Thanks for the follow ;)
Ground floor retail is struggling (esp compared to upper floor businesses)
It's official. I'm addicted to my daughter. Going for the record in speed shopping for groceries so I can hurry home to her.
I was hiding behind the camera.
congrats dude
Back home w & our guests Having ourselves a little wine.
yes-I may set up at state st and old world 3rd this weekend thanks
no problem my friend. Let me know. Can't wait!
I think the Yankees forgot the national anthem today...we got God Bless America instead. So confused.
sounds fun! Email me details when you have them.
Im all in, till the coffin
No problem. I'm guessing it won't help your case, but maybe it ensures you aren't the only one that feels that way.
We used to live in Louisiana, and my daughter thought that "thing" was spelled "thang" because that's how she said it!
SO EXCITED TO SEE WICKED TONIGHT!
Shotgun shuts his cakehole! Let's go!! :)
Um...maybe don't fail them? Just a suggestion.
Monday Mailbag: Poly's Risks and Rewards, Leather Grips - Tennis Magazine (blog)
Since my cousin works at Target I asked her to put flyers in the bags. So far off I printed out 400 and we ran out. :)
“: Love love love Maroon 5s new tune! #thevoice” totally agree and Adam is so hot!!
lol:) your welcome
we always love to have you lady. if you wanna work on some beer/cheese pairings let us know!
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
Hey! Looks like we're hosting some fine folks from today. Welcome, and happy #coworking!
This guy is funny. Go see him RT : I will be performing in Denver next weekend. For tickets click here...www.comedyworks.com/
When lebron jams like that its like he enters another dimension mid flight
Dinner, movies, sex, walks, random drives etc. Someone to be with this summer would be nice. Over the single status.
During highs and lows of life, it's supporting football/calcio teams that give you some great moments! Grazie ! Today was amazing!
RT : Indiana just stole one in Miami...wow.
appreciate it. Ill give it a listen
Great picture! We hope you have fun on the rest of your trip!
Hope everyone has a E.T. weekend :)
Howdy! Any thoughts on maybe doing a thing in Baltimore? I'd be happy to help out.
Online presence is starting now in the Jones room
6 or 9 and watch some hardcore porn too.
Wow has become the 3rd most visited social networking site this past week, everyone must be planning their wedding (via )
sticks & stones, & weed & bones.
San Marcos Pass 154, my favorite part of the trip to Santa Ynez. Love the drive through the mountains
The #223project exhibit has moved to the Leavey lobby — check it out today!
I need ta clean out my ears :/
RT : I’m not single. I’m in a long standing relationship with fun and freedom.
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
#Blazers on a 21-7 run to cut 20-pt. deficit to 6. scored 8 straight for Portland.
How is it? In Austin, at least, it's apparently nowhere near as hot/disgusting as it was last week...
Death of Salesman was brilliant! Phillip Seymour Hoffman + critiques of American capitalism
bo, I dont think I can! I have plans most of next weekend. Lauren-- email me details! :)
You're welcome.
i have 6 followers.
here is some optimism.6 months from now when they pic up their retirement pics they'll get yours and give u a call.
will be there! We're going to have a "pop up" restaurant serving wraps, coffee drinks, vegan cookies & more! :-)
Froggy G isn't just the best character in Awesomenauts, he is the only one. Awesomenauts is a race between two Froggy Gs.
:: and face off in "What's Hot" on Live Topics: Lesbians and Cub Scouts/Foul Ball Fracas/Pick up lessons.
Lord Jesus I Love You Very Very Very Much! ((Rom. 8:28) [Rom. 10:12b "...and rich to all who call upon Him..."]
Can't figure out how my legs got covered in bug bites. SO itchy!!!!
Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution. ~ Kahlil Gibran ~
Boom. Go #Seahawks!! Nice first half. Sorry all you #suckforluck, go flat for Matt folks. I just don't have it in me to want to lose.
On average men spend 51 minutes a day grooming themselves
Officially just got to watch people from jail in court & got to fill out their info yup
ISLAM IS BEING HIJACKED AGAIN.... WHERE DO THESE IDIOTS COME FROM..
Monday Vent - Start every day with a smile - and get it over with :)
true facts dude. between that and his bowl of nuts/yogurt combo we have serious issues
Poised Creation is now building our network of non-profit charity organizations to work alongside.
Which seniors (high school or college) are #TeamGraduation ?
RT : I'm tired of hearing the Post Office operates @ a loss. Know what else operates @ a loss? The Pentagon Social Security Fire Depts
My Girlfriend Got Hair On Her Nipples...Smh
Enjoying a cup of enhanced coffee while writing ads on Backpage and loving it
just uploaded camera+. despite recent bad reviews (developer made rude comments to users), the app. has some really great features
#erl12 #libleadership . i owe it to my profession and institution to own "leader", even if it makes my stomach hurt
Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his Phily Cheze Stakes.
that's my motto!
P-butter fudge, pinwheel cookies & Buckeye's are made. Cranberry scones, biscotti & more later. LOVE making Christmas goodies.
So much for pizza.. closed...anyone at Emerald Loop?
Congratulations!! Hopefully this will make the final push a bit lighter!
"Now that's ridiculous. How could two people from the same family need therapy?"- Homer
Happy Birthday to JustAskBoo! Thank you, JABBERS, for all you do to help each other so much each day.
About to go get this "W" real quick game at 3:00 pm. Then home to relax a bit before the Jordan brand game tonight!
how about a rt for those about to go to work all night haha also
has a mission: to find jarred Huitlacoche and flor de calabasa somewhere in OC? He's looked almost everywhere...
that means a lot to me thank you very much Zoa. :)
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
you don't want him living next to you!
Sad at loss of Dwayne K. Ward. He will Be missed
Hesitated! : Hesitated! : Have you abandoned all physical reading or have you hesitated to jump to digital books?
weird you didn't DM me ):
jill scott , i love ya honey but yu can go now :) i'm not a fan of your "music".
#MUSICNEWS Take an early holiday this year and get yourself to the John Foxx & The Maths gig in Madrid, Spain on 26th May. Don't think su
Oh yeah, don't I look awesome tossing back shots... Of Pepto? -________- Going on 14 hours now with this wicked heartburn.
Headed to TX tmrw. On my packing list: sunscreen, cowboy boots, beer money & a shameless collection of country music on the ipod. Yee haw.
Good Morning Everyone :)
#NP Say My Name by Destiny's Child
Hold it down for us in MA Big Deion. We're praying for you. Lights off!
Let's go flyers need this
It is an awesome day in Badgerland, love when it is in the high 60's low 70's. Happy Mothers Day to all the moms.
Wise people respect themselves because they know their value and understand their distinctive purpose!
LOL. Sucks to be you
hahaha I am in FL for the week... Two of my sisters are getting married back-to-back weekends. Play date when I get back!!!
Dont worry about the people from ur past, there's a reason why they didn't make it to ur future
It's game day! Glad I get off at noon today....Who Dat?
Send me review when you are done.
Had to read Sun Also Rises in 10th gr English. Drinking & "war wound" were abt all we got out of it. BUT, that's b/c we were 15.
RT If I could be on Glee I would be Finn's secret younger brother! I already wrote the story in my head #GetGreysononGlee (:
I've been getting into reading more and more.
Kitty, get off xfactor you annoying betch.
in town for #FOSS4GNA?
I'm sorry
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much....
U got it bad <3
guess we should propose a talk together eh.
I am no #ManU fan. Can't stand 'em. But if they and #MCFC tied at end of regular season, why goals tiebreaker, and not playoff?
Justin did not tweet that 'i have to move on' tweet last weekend if the Forbes interview was last week and it says Selena is his gf in it.
loll I'm having fun (:
#TurnToYou is just PERFECT ♥ I've been listening to it all day & night
We will be at the Rail Club tonight promoting for the show. Come out to get your tickets (2 shows for $10!) and a free sampler cd!
“: I read my own palm today. It said it was going to slap you! #AMPED”ha!
Answer the call if you don't like what you see. If you don't have what it takes, don't fucking talk about me.
Tightenin up this playlist for tonight . iPod set to STUN!!!
Good Morning! Please take the time out to follow TMC Records® CEO & President ,Thank You
Please stop talking about the pacers. I don't fucking care. You all didn't even give a shit about them until just recently anyhow.
Not saying Edward from Twilight is unfaithful; just saying why does he always come home with glitter on his chest?
Yep, with you on that. And I do buy CDs! Just got Chuck Prophet's latest.
glad someone realize that
what would the tattoo be?
I havent mentally prepared for the crazy adventure ahead of me.probably just psych myself out if I did.Am I really doing this?yes, yes I am
Laid back, with my mind on my money and my money on my mind.
Chocolate withdrawal.... Ugh
Zagat's does independent coffeehouses a HUGE diss-service rating best coffee in chains.
Have a feeling you are going to be catching naps here and there for some time to come. Blessings as you enter the fray.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 304
Excited for whats to come in the future! I will be able to provide lots of cool music tips for beginners to moderate players!
society had biblical values as part of laws..transcending values. However, it does not mean all members are faithful follower
HAPPY NEW YEARS
their first thought in the mornings is how can I make more money.. They have little principle
Real nigga street certified
On bass! (That's Jay Bennett on piano)
Nail polish makes a fun and fabulous stocking stuffer! How about some OPI or Essie?
“: dude. I'm 21 and darlings are still alive!? That's rad.” Fo real? U 21 now!?
Kinda wanna be a drifter but i dont ever want to imagine the words "your uncle was an odd man"
Stomach, stop being weird.
Followes ya!! :D
My name Jessyka and I m your big fan,i ve never begged anyone so,because they are very shy,you can follow me please.ITALIAN.
Seated dead center on the Orchestra floor awaiting Itzhak Perlman's performance at So excited for this!!
Just turned the volume up for
Great session for OVICN planned today with looking forward to learning more about identifying cognitive demand levels.
"I slept good last night." -____-
It's sunny days like today with a slight breeze when you really get true enjoyment from a full mustache.
im new to the twitter world lol
": Who wants to go out tonight? I need a night out" whatcha feel like doing:-)
I'm gonna try that!
So apperently if girls are taking birth control pills, if you were to completely stop taking the pills you can lose weight faster :o
: We are a new organization with a new goal and a great outcome waiting to happen please follow us
Just watched great documentary on photographer Bill Cunningham. His passion for what he does is infectious!
The TCU Head Coaching Job: The 2012 Offseason's Circle of "WHAT?"
too many memories!!!!(:
I'ma txt somebody.... 0.0
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love. Anais Nin
have a awesome day!:)
Thanks to the Giants and Patriots for a great game! Now I don't even hate Brady and Belichick anymore!
: HAVE a FAB day lady!!!!
#wordsthatwillgetyousome are you from tennessee? cuz your the only ten i see
I mean I guess they need an education to make us money so they can put us in a luxurious retirement home--
Article Marketing - Three Easy Tips to Create the Most Compelling Titles for Your Articles
What a week for eating...MarketHouse tonight, Joe's on Wednesday, Farmhouse Tavern on Friday and possibly Avec on Saturday. Wow!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, hope you have a Great day!!
What an unbelievable experience. Body shut down at about 9.5 mile mark. 2:16:37 final time! I'll be back
you were right the first time.
hahhahahaha I remember that! God times :)
Oh haha ha ha ha.... yea... funny stuff ha ha... I was busy ok!!! I had things to do!!!
Chocolate has no calories if consumed (by students) in the 12 hrs before paper submission or (by faculty) during grading
Where to go for new years
Wildly gorgeous sunshiny afternoon in South Texas
I realize that everyday is unpredictable, but today is going to be full of surprises. I wonder how everything will unfold....
Okay BMizzle ! dude got her own Language Lol
Yayyyy congrats you are so amazing!!
I'm pretty sure he is
Last two episodes of have been fantastic. Make sure you listen in if you haven't yet - always look forward to the show.
An antioxidant-rich diet is linked with lower stroke risk - take your Forever Omega 3 daily!
Good for everyone's papers and interveiws at #MLA12!
In swem for the day
Meet at Barnes & Noble Camp Creek today ! She'l be signing copies of her new book Redefining Diva.
What are you guys up to for Game 4 tomorrow?
Don’t forget your Right Hand THIS Wed 4.24 for Admin Professional's Day. Treat them to the amazing meal that they deserve
Selling houses and taking names.
I mean I didn't want to have to say anything but I would prefer to not have to look at your arm hair.............
so I never made it for beignets, mother's po boy got the best of me! next time!
What goes around comes around. That's what people say. So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
If you have a Bush then do I have an Obama?? O.o
calm down there Drake
Uncovering hidden connections at the BLIP Legal Hackathon
Hey there Ho there Hi there Whats up gurll :]]]
you ARE real! I thought u were a bot! 👾 😉
Script coverage for the next 3 days. Producer in the works!
I will never understand Miami weather.
Wonder when D800s will actually be shipping. I imagine the D700 will half in price once they are widely available.
I responded to your help inquiry with possible solutions and alternatives.
TSP is proud to donate toys to childrens hospital for Christmas
i saw one of the most beautiful women TX has to offer last night in my class.. she was a guest speaker.
I love talking to my sister 😊 I miss her so much😢 love you ate! ❤
"Alongside..." others..." various ways" "covers such a broad spectrum."
aww, thanks babe!
We dont discremanate girlz no we luv em all my german chicks let me kiss u back open up ya mac book put me on ya lap
That was curious.
we will be saying that about u 1 dayTai!! Can't wait for u to get to seattle so I can watch u pitch! #keepworkinghard!
#HarryPotterChatUpLines Are you a dementor? Because you just took my breath away.
Softball season right around the corner, lots of student/athlete's to follow this season. National Scouting Report, www.nsr-inc.com
what we have built
Economic freedom is essential to achieving political freedom,
where are we smokig at :)?
Be sure to follow our two newest members and
Strike-em-out-throw-em-out! We're in extras.
That awkward moment when a Snapple bottle shatters at a play
The meeting is, as usual, from 7 to about 10:30 at Merchants Grill.
it holds memories but the church is the people still standing. Our community is resilient and amazing!
S/O to my boy for leaving the yard today!
Using slang in media interviews can be tricky. It is fine to use when it is clear you are using it on purpose, but be careful with it.
cant wait to see diggy simmons on 106&park
RT : At final playback for 11-11-11 stoked to hear it!!!
bye guys :)
Can we room together? And do the mocking game from high school? RT : can I play on your baseball team?
You can -- just participate by adding a comment under the giveaway post on what you will do for yourself or others health wise!
No school for me
Thanks Matt! You're voice made a huge difference today.
Is Ma & Pa Station that right below the bridge? Where the Streetcar Museum is?
Cam Newton claims he told Miss St. "he is taking his talents to Auburn", come on, I doubt he used that wording or did Lebron steal his line?
at least it wasn't some random creepy guy. (or was he?)
tears of joy only!
It's Easter and my family has now moved on to discuss literature...like Great Expectations. :)
yep. #kohacon11 in Thane.
LUUUUUUUUU!!! Congrats to on his All Star nod!!!
Best organization in the Association top to bottom.
good morning chick (:
I am thisclose to destroying every Mass Effect game in this house. This better not be how the whole week goes.
Spoiled by having louisville's church bells as my alarm clock
Any day with PiYo waiting at the end is a good day. Happy Tuesday, everyone!
Have a picture of you or a friend wearing a BarCamp Rochester t-shirt out and about? Tweet it at us! We're looking to make a collection!
So sazzie pants, are you going to wydlife today?
you're welcome hunn !
I've tried for months too get him to follow me! Trust me he will eventually follow you! :P <3
I know it's way over due for as long as it's been since my brother gave me his guitar, but I finally learned a song.
Why did I get up at 8am after heading to bed at 4am? I know this beautiful sunny day! Happiness is crisp summer mornings on lake Michigan!
“: ok. Let me know details. I would like to attend.”
I'm a brother shamus!
I can't even began to think what a Stephen King band would sound like. It wasn't Pennywise was it?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net when baron Davis comes back how much of a boost will he give the ?
Amy set me up on a tragic date last spring & never bothered to follow-up. I would <3 to Guest Star & stir up some drama!
Just wanted to let you know Fight To Win is inspiring my battle against cancer. I listen to it every day on my way to radiation!
You look adorable in your pro pic, sissy. ^_^
My back feels like a thousand daggers.
I hate people who are concerned with the lives of others and not theirs :(
Injustice could be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations can't be removed.
Ha ha ha what can i say....
Shout out to for eating all that Manly Food!
Not felt this unhappy in about 18 months. What the hell is wrong with me?
you're going?
Great seeing you guys at game yesterday!!! Had a fun time!!
Happy Wednesday!! Have a great day!
SAT word of the day: paragon (n.) a model of excellence or perfection
wow- feed tank & spigot sounds awesome!
That awkward moment when someone yells at you for clicking your pen and you have to click it one more time to use it.
I feel like the GOP nomination field has become Rock, Paper , Scissors but instead its "Robot, Fascist, Porkchop Knife"
i totally just played creeper and found you on twitter.... is that bad? lol smh at myself =P
Remember, it was also who sparked 's massive comeback against Spurs last week...
you should order from P&M on 147th & amsterdam. Small biz, Sicilian owners so it's authentic!
Having a Saint Bernard and a chow chow mutt is like having kids without the birth
Just got pulled over n mooresville in front of arbys. Damn police always trying to ruin munchie time.
Why am I awake right now? Ugh, I hate school.
so are you saying he will replace joe thomas or do you not understand how #sarcasm works?
My grandfather wants a convertible. I told him he should go for it but my grandmother disagrees. Who thinks he should do it? :)
we work here at save20global hq
I hope my prom isn't like this :(
u stole it
HA! I know that. It's for the resettled Somalian population in Columbus. About tracing to reconnect with lost family.
Follow me on instagram :D
A world without Wikipedia and Craigslist? NO THANKS! I oppose SOPA and PIPA. Censorship is more dangerous than theft.
purple bling??? Love it!! We better get used to listening to that stuff.. its getting near
check your gmail inbox.
my dude. What's good bro
will be happy to know that our traditional gift of 3 doz. spudnuts was delivered to our library sysadmins this a.m.!
just heard about this...why did he resign?
"Keep calm and love Niall Horan!" That's the motto nigga.
Chiefs will trade out of #1 pick to get more draft picks
We haven't set the time yet... we're going to let everyone know tomorrow morning. Trying to get everyone scheduled.
Im Out 4 Some Hours I Got A Life.#FreeBoosie.G.F.B. Damage Mode 414 If U Don't Like It Well #HoeGoHam.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
I know that feeling intimately! So hard, but so therapeutic to get rid of the things that have pain attached.
IS YOU SLEEP
Chris Swires Rated top realtor in Alaska
Is that snow Seattle?!
Anyone know where to watch the Emmys streaming live online?
#Govtech leadership needs to build in app & data sustainability into strategy.Otherwise,recipe for failure & disillusionment
It's been WAY too long... but I think of you a lot! I'll come in next week - I promise!
you're not gonna have to be at that haunted house for long, m'dear. and it *is* haunted.
FOR FREE!
hahaha..funny lady.....no worries....low clouds/fog here in town heading your way!...that color will be gone by morning!
On a serious note... Yeah, I want him to be a head coach again as well.
I just had a seizure watching this Arcade Fire. Is that normal?
Switching lanes during a turn <<<
Oh my gosh. This week is my last full week of school. Let me go cry </3
All work and no play makes Jack a dullboy.
Stamped Concrete Patios Rome Ga Canton Ga Cumming Ga Many Patterns Best Patios www.ConcreteGeorgia.com
Hey Rex , thanks for following , needless to say sideways is on my short list of fav movies , I am a fan :)
I assume u mean Weeden? Still wiping the drool from Cleveland media off my screen. Lol.
OMG I'm so happy for you :)
Lmaoo hush! RT : oh nah i would beat your ass lmao
Amen!!! “: Thank you for everything! I feel you , I believe in you.. I know you're always with me. Thank you #GOD #Blessed”
looking for my dream job.
"Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fret—it leads only to evil." - Psalm 37:8.
Followers are like the stock exchange. There comes a time where u gain big followers and times where u dropp followers Prices go up and down
We have a new apartment! Moving on up to Wicker Park!
I wish I understood the profound love I have for fried chicken... At least I only crave it during the day.
I found a cure for Twitter addiction; it's called 'Logout.'
why go back to a hoe? instead of being with someone faitful?
last six baby girl. 3-1-2. That's from your own tweet.
Besides his inflatable bouncer phobia, Slim is fearless. I'll share the video (fr. phone) and the DVD I'm having done! Lol
Tweeties Unite! We R on a Facebook friend recruitment drive. Please help Boys/Girls Club by joining group: Project 10 Experiment. Pls join!
it was magically delicious!
I just pissed a venti skinny vanilla latte
Fortunate morning when your roomate's alarm wakes you up 15 mins before your class starts...
Oh. Gotta check it out. Thanks for the tip! RT : no worries... During the week they have a killer happy hour!
Im bout to have Wale playing all night...
Enjoying life!
congrats on 2 million hun! see ya in june <3
Save your recordings to view in the future
Uh oh... Kobe has 14 points in the first quarter. It's gonna be one of those nights for him! Sorry Denver
R&B is my medicine
I love getting freaked out. After a crazy night and then the next morning thinking i lost my wallet. Hahaha #Everything'sgonnabeokay
Getting over a cold, eating Cheez-its, listening to Top Tech Trends from Midwinter, catching up on email, was last night's House a good one?
": text me" I need your number!
the one night when we were all tweeting each other and u were with and yeah!! u know
Hit us up if you're in NYC tomorrow during the day. We're filming a little something.
What's the move??
Lobbyists don't understand there's a diff between arguing before the jury and handing out $100 bills to the jury.
I can truly say this w/o remorse i used fuck minute men until i found him.that dick was satisfyingly great and was well overly pleased
good luck bro !
How is everyone
what is the emergency?
we missed you in chi this weekend!! I want to come visit you in Dallas soon.
Worldwide coverage
I think your really groovy in a happening far out way
#Ravens do so well in late rounds, big value here “: Ravens draft Miami WR Tommy Streeter, 6-5, 219 with 4.40 speed”
more like the Real GAY Stat! ahaha
good to see you. Hopefully you will perform next year
I have a story to tell, but I think God wants me to film it and tell it as a movie;)
Go for it.. demand your privacy.
Which way is right, which way is wrong, How do I say that I need to move on, You know we're headed separate ways
I have somehow taught my cat to play fetch...
The only attractive part about me is my sense of humor.
Can you send me your mixtape? Are you interested in collaborations?
Good thing Mazzaro is still in A. Wait.......
#imagine Austin: Where are your lips? You: On my face? Austin: Wrong, on mine. *kisses you* ;D
We have #Karaoke from 10-2 tonight! If you sing a song you get a FREE SHOT! Happy Saturday #Madison!
#FF #learning experts helping others grow
Happy Hour tonight - see you after work @ Brave Horse Tavern for some free food!
i really want to watch sailor moon right now
Excellent Auditions, filmmaker meeting, and time of food and fellowship yesterday. The momentum is building! ACTION!
yup. Are you coming back again?
i live in the az and its alredy 11:06 and im bored
wow, I wish I could have been there! Thanks to your tweets I'm getting a taste of what I missed.
yeah I have no idea...i don't even remember where it was...north of n 1st right?
Relish won the boat race...
Don't be an Extra in the Movie you call your Life!!!
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYSPIKEYMIKEY happy birthday ! hope you gave a great birthday! love you<3
I wonder where I'm watching the super bowl this year.
Good question. Also eager to know how analytics weight RT versus favorites. Which influences more?
Aw Lil Mama has a crush on Ian like me c:
So , both? MT: : Elysian Split Shot Espresso Milk Stout just rolled through the door. The official Seattle Beer Week Beer
Summer is right around the corner! A quick reminder that Nokero is a great lighting option for camping and backpacking adventures.
it's Mighty Mike, not Max. :)
lmao while God let me carry around a six-pack i aint gonna put my shirt on..cuando tu quieras let me know to see if we do something
me to kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Layed out all day and went shopping good day 
Bryce bryan they are all the same thing lol
Carson Palmer not getting the job done in Cincinnati. Three picks, two returned for TD's. Bengals go down (again) in Pittsburgh.
"I'm up, and it's 2:49 in Texas!! #cantsleept"
iPhone internet tethering might be the most valuable discovery on the tour this summer..and how many towels can fit in the washer at once..
So many commercials...my mind is on overload
People can be inconsiderate. If you need help cutting this guy, let me know.
im not really excited for my birthday as i thought i would be.
I'm doing pretty good:)
Omar Bravo!!!
RT Me you! Love ya rihanna!!!! : I'm on my level yea
I think that's your world series matchup at the end of this year.....
RT : It's the last day of #wistatefair! Last chance to get some food #onastick! Come and get your deep fried fix and brew
Got Tickets &Back Stage Passes to concert<3#exited<3
So should I just blatantly blast you on here?
Sub Rosa => Under the rose, secretly or in confidence
Seriously, can I fire Ellis yet?!
there's an interesting new ombre look that we've seen lately... light at the roots & dark at the ends!
Heading to the Embassy of #Israel in DC with Looking forward to celebrating a year of success!
well Ima still be there lol
very easy fix!!
yeah yeah 😏
It's Sunday, Caitlin. Didn't you go to sunday mass this morning????? xDDDXD
I hate being home alone :/
NOTHING..cuz your just like me
#1st children, family, friends and loved ones!:-) Important!!!
Proud to say I will be wearing all dade attire tomorrow !
Yes! It was really great. The new dinosaur hall is incredible!
Glad you like I am making many more thanks.
watching women's basketball and listening to #NewEdition, I'll even admit this is kind of questionable
RIP Dick Clark.
#favmoviequote It is you know how I know Cause I went to the fucking salon with her and I got my asshole bleached too&I love my new asshole!
Heavy Metal Cats! Key of Awesome
did y'all have fun?
I accedentally gave my baby whale milk is he going to be ok...hahahaha - made my day!!:)
Forch on Your Porch at Trabant Coffee in the UDistrict tonight at 7pm! Stop by if you are in the neighborhood!
Hi Ottmar, sorry to see that your Back Stage blog is close, I enjoyed it very much! I hope you keep writing.
starting the week challenge
hey I saw u at the show last night
will ever say hey to me again?
As much as i want to win the #FUSE contest. I atleast want someone from the fan club to win. the answer is Orlando, 40-26 , 4 TD
We have tickets in hand for the Kill Devil Hill show on Oct. 29th. Check our website for details and order yours today!
There's actually a place in Atlanta called Chico & Chang's Mexican & Chinese Takeout. Just give up, other businessmen.
we need to go to korean bbq one day :D
Thanks so much for following! We hope you like our site. And an early welcome to the District for your show on Sunday!
One see's clearly only with the heart. Anything essential is invisible to the eyes.
Make that money, don't let the money make you!!! LOL *in my Diamond voice*
I agree with : "The attrition rate stats would be quite interesting."
Please don't go with the Lions!!! Stay with the !!!!
Can't wait for the Spring dance at my school :') <3
what time are the fixtures released? X
I follow you if you are in the #NPPA and/or
Congrats to and Dawn Madura for winning Best of Show in Colorado Press Association contest. Huge!
bork, i feel so sick:(
working and saving my money up so I can go back to school
#NP YOU DESERVE IT ~ FUTURE
always been a fan & followed your work & watched you evolve, but I swear your tweets make me to fall in love with you.
#brewers win!!
Just four more days
Happy Halloween. Have a Great One! Love You!
iStreamPlanet Drives Video Delivery in the Cloud with Intel® Xeon ...
is heading to Miami in 2 days. Will be touring the Norwegian Epic.
Woo hoo! Mr. Figaro performing this Friday!!! Come play!
Life isn't about finding yourself. it's about creating yourself.
alli can i get a follow from you? it would mean the world to me <3 i love you (: you are so pretty *o*
you too <3
21 Jump Street was hilarious!
Im gonna miss you so much! We tell each other any and everything. That better not change.
About to start Episode 5...get your comments, questions, concerns NOW!
thanks to tacos I can eat lunch for $3 and die at 37.
:) I agree
“: #BiggestLoser is not even enjoyable to watch this season with all the drama. #STFUandjustworkout”... I can't take it nemore.
F you What a coincidence you just left my building an now I have no Internet.
A beanbag round to the groin may be less than lethal, but you'll probably want to die. Good shooting WPD.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡25
Look at me now....
Thinking maybe an early night might be a good idea.
i wish some females will understand that
Gotta give it up to tonight. Gurrl was super super awesome to hang out with. Shot some cool video, compared abs, the normal.
Yea, I'm fine. Just got busy with work and my life.
Nice and warm in the #UMBC library this morning! Come visit!
I may or may not have just read Queen Elizabeth I's "Tilbury Speech" to our family dog, Nike.
we will do our best, and you'll be the first to know
hope you'll check us out!
: yeah, big difference btwn "journal" & "blog"…we all laughed at "blog" term when it emerged. now it's THE txt form.
I hope my plan succeeds
I wish Twitter would let me follow all of you back! It's preventing me from doing so-any ideas?
just a bit tho. Its cool
awesome Yesenia! We will be sure to let you know when we are playing again in the area!
I gave up a long time ago, debating closed minded people
Bikram yoga on a Friday YEAH YEAH sometimes you have to accept the need for balance!!
just sang red solo cup with aunt nancy and lauren. #winning shoulda been here
Wish me luck for today's football games, if I win this week I'm handed 300, if I lose, I'm handed 40.
Busy weekend ahead with Breathe Carolina on Saturday and Animals As Leaders on Sunday. Then Minerva Festival next weekend!
go far my friend.
I don't play baseball but I hit a home run everywhere #everywhere Where are you going tonight??? #stayinin?
End of semester busy time at the #WKU Store-Glasgow. ATP (orientation) for incoming freshmen and day of textbook sell back.
We all love dinner and a movie, but if your family often eats dinner in front of the TV, your couch may need an upholstery cleaning!
40% off sale at Blick Art Supply today! ... Sweet !!
Swirling head, swollen heart.
I never would have believed the police would be necessary at a chess tournament.
I thought all BR conf call hold music was just talking in his smooth voice telling you to hold
hey Hope Everything is goin good for u taylor
thanks Bob!
i miss you dude!!!
Mathematically speaking, your life is the relationship of 1 to infinity. Solve that!
I dined on several tonight. prefer the bottle to the draft oddly enough. drowning in hops and rain in the city tonight.
Check ur in box to!!!... Lol
Apparently you can rape the willing. ..
Thanks for the response. I don't care for the dew but I wish you were still a Trailblazer. Good luck the rest of the season
I Really Wanna Take You Down . <3
I don't like riding the bus sometimes. I don't like just sitting here and waiting for another bus. When I drive I get home earlier!
Mcdonaghs legs are more jello like than my gut. Dude has skated a whole game
I know you won't read this but I Love You!!! xoxo :)
Maybe I should have remembered the ";)"?
Spoiler: everyone dies horribly, kills someone horribly, and/or has gratuitous HBO sex.
trying to track down a 1978 OLC memo--apparently not pub. in Opinions of the OLC.
Yes I do. If you keep me abreast I will come to your games. We did a soccor game today in Bayer Park.
Senior Expo at Foundation House in Bothell is going well. Love meeting these folks with their great stories and experiences!
sorry I've been #MIA for a while. i just have no time these days
What a terrific terrific episode of
MDW cabbie back on phone. sounds hysterical. says do not trust media. more screaming
Good morning good #tea people! Making dreams reality requires building structure around ideas. Got a hammer? Start building.
If u were to tell me before the season that R Starks would have a 2 int game, my 1st thought would be that Sanchez was the QB
two more books left (planned) after Dance of Dragons. He is "only" hundred pages into pt6
No photo appeared. Can you post it again? Merci.
ESPRIT was fabo per usual.
so sexy:)
Haven't been on here for a while :/
awww - (insert heart here)
#FearTheQuietGuys ..saw the promo last night...#BOSS!
Hey Kevin, hope you had a fun time! How'd you do?
Finnick Odair just needs to get casted. I need to love him forever like right now.
My friend and I kept screaming we love you during softball practice<3 ! #yee follow baack(: ?
Am chillin relaxing halla at me thanks
She's doing new media for a mgmt co!
for laughs, try to imagine Romney chomping a cigar in the Colonel role. LOL
You still have a few more years to stock up on guns before she turns 16.
Teach parents about early learning. Our classes for parents provide targets, trainings, and tools to use at home with kids birth to 5.
we will do this again.. soooonn:)) can't wait to hear when you all start reading:))
for today brah!!
#YouLookRealStupid when you look like me.
God morning!
Oh my Chicago weather! Woo!
too cute...the store in cross county...is just the CUTEST store ever
Attn local businesses, bands: Our 100TH ISSUE comes out in 1 week. Special/collectors issue! Email to book ad space
Thanks champion!
I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were.
Kobe didn't carry the load he should have, sad to say.
Debating whether or not to get a Flu Vaccination this year as I have heard so many conflicting opinions...thoughts?
RT : My moms got a Facebook page today! Really ma?!! #Cmonson-ha ha!
Yall left already.???
Thought about the top 20 players in the world and in what majors they would do best. Westwood and Lefty appear in my side pot.
playing sports with your boyfriend
i love ur "Mad" cover its amazing
...and now that I've lost all of my writer friends, I'll go think up some remark with which to offend, I dunno, people who like puppies.
what's going on?
secrets keep you sick :*
Champions League 2nd Leg of quarter finals.. AC Milan vs Barcelona and Bayern Munich vs Marseille
I'm gonna go back to working at Twin Peaks
Okay, so, dropped the brand new droid razr maxx in the commode. Really. :(
BLESS! RT : Greetings, One love. Its coffee time + Brain Food nuttn rude! Give thanks.
Jus got super excited Walkin into this giant thrift store.
Wait till TeBow plays Bmore or Pittsburgh in th play-offs! They'll b picking pieces of him out th grass till spring!
This year I will be voting for a president based on their opinion on the Outkast album Stankonia.
9-12 months? I advertise in the neighborhood newsletter. (cheaply)
and your light in the bathroom is blown!
vege meatballs in kitchen sink salad with pesto!
My Birthday is tomorrow!!!!! :)
lol hell yeah .
hahaha. i think you may be right.
Lol what a brother cant diet..im tryin to get down to 205..and the wings are the prob
"We’re natural-born killers..." Really, ? I bet you're wearing a sweater vest.
looking through all the mail in my apt, I came across condolence cards. I do not recommend re-reading them.
Want to see the Discovery flyover from Arlington this morning? Long Branch Park and Gravelly Point are good places to watch!
#DesignBizChat this Wed. 5/9 10 amET - All abt Collaboration - creating it, making it work, using it to succeed w your projects - join us!
RIP Jonathan Frid. The original Barnabas Collins.
It's only right that Joey Mack got like 16,000 followers last night
People! Put down the mouse. Hang up the phone. Step away from the easel. Get outside. Enjoy something exquisitely mundane.
The rules of soccer are very simple, basically it is this: if it moves, kick it. If it doesn't move, kick it until it does.
Just listed a few extra boxes on grab em while you can!
RT Beautiful, perspective-shifting post from : Are you struggling with your life online? Lean in. bit.ly/leanin
oh just kidding!
Thx for shining a light on these poor losers. Reveals the nature of a cockroach more than anything else.
Lol, give me 4-6 weeks so that it can ship
yes. Yesterday in my womans history class this girl made out aggressively with her girlfriend
Hey, it's kinda nice out today.
Hugo = this week's Adele
Having a very good #sportsbiz weekend in Denver. At Avs-Canucks game tonight. Golf tomorrow at Omni Interlocken.
Luv It.....U damn rite am dancing to this #BOSS BITCH
Mayan Culture Holds Secrets for Today (Part I)
Humility is the embarrassment you feel when you tell people how wonderful you are.
I miss you too! We need to hang out this weekend. I don't think Im doing anything. Are you?
If Obama offers #Huntsman a job tomorrow, will he take it n put the country first?
Have a safe & fun July 4th!
Happy mothers day to all you mothers!!!! :):):)
#democrabeep to the people on the Sauk City bridge!
I think you mean 7 out of 25 b/c 1 in 4 is just ridiculous.
The irony is how it would begin to rain immediately after Memphis in May.
Enjoy the little things cause one day you will look back and realize they were the big things!
thanks guys and thanks to you too...
Good Morning! Had some more rain yesterday! It's so beautiful today! And it's Friday! What are your weekend plans? I hope you have fun! :)
it's so much fun. All my friends hate it though :/
I don't actually like nutella it's actually quite sad.....~Ashley
of course. Still worth checking out though!
Christopher Platt at #wla12: stocking the bestsellers --chasing them-- creates a lot of problems. Is that what libraries sd be doing?
#etay Please keep me posted on your impressions of the traveling conference as you move north to south
"its a bird its a plane nah its the king bitch" damn TI killed that aston martin remix... dude needs to get back to bein old TIP
a bout to punch my bro in the face
Attempting ice fishing for the first time followed by the #Ravens game! A perfect Sunday. Purple & black!
A: Keep it original. Don't go totally experimental, but somethings are overdone 15 min of people talking about feelings is kind of eh.
recommends Voice Memo App (android)
we play at CCA at 7:30 Tuesday night. hopefully I'll see you there!
Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow.
seriously #Tampax? holy Shit. your Spotify ad is terrible: "It's hard to be a female artist... you know, cauz you get your period." Use
haha we're telling secrets!! RT : when someone says DM it usually doesnt turn out good.
All that I've learned, I've forgotten. The little I still know, I've guessed.
hahaha so glad I can follow you now and see funny stuff!!
and that my friend is capitalism at its finest!!
Excited to work with "BigIsHuge" Digital Agency.
I'm not even talking about the cloud, just my local NAS/Homegroup. And I don't really put video on my android.
just cause you say no homo doesnt change the fact that it is homo
you sound like you were an amazing child! Ps will there be a chance to meet you after the show Monday night?
i love the rain, but i want some snow!
YES!!! RT : Our appetite must be for a world in which human beings work together and empower each other. #stooshpr ethos
b day lunches are gay.
you ain't Charlie sheen
Hello Tweeters!
Ruuunnn for yoourrr livvvesss. One of my friends on Fbook told me that a beaker exploded in one of the labs.
Congrats on meeting the prez!!! I wanna see pictures of you, the wife, the bow tie.
we could not be more confused by the list of topics and names trending right now. valeska popozuda? gesundheit.
I'm Rachel
Professionally separated artwork will make all the difference to your prints!
O ok! Totally makes complete sense now
do you know what he was wearing.
I've experienced that a few times. Unknown cause.
Love meat? Get introduced to Churrasco (shoe-HAS-ko), authentic Brazilian grilling coming to #ColoradoSprings on 4/5!
Not one jazz person.
No pictures?!
Upcoming show Sat, May 12 in Brooklyn. More details soon. Definitely don't want to miss.
Shouldn't the WordPress link in the footer of your site be pointing to .org (self hosted) and not .com? :)
LOL my night has been made
Rondo: Look at us will be fine! *drops mic & walks away*
RT - My guess: There are more Florida alums in the overall Dolphins fan base than there are Miami alums
Ddub does Dallas tmrw! That combo gets CRAZY!
Paid debt off then? Sounds like a good use. Heard that's actually what many Americans are doing this year!
Alkaline pH drops are the most practical, economical way to work alkaline water into your everyday lifestyle.
Pope John Paul IX, bringing my black out shoes bra.
yes! Try to keep your limit to 10 a day, they are kinda addicting haha
I am still waiting to find out what magical things will happen in this year of 2012.
get all the best off-beat sports stories in 1 place USSportspages.com
Heck yeah! That was prob Tom, the man behind OBP.
Crit Thinking: Bertrand Russell's Reference requiring that no evidence should be accepted without proof is called Critical Scrutiny.
Thanks for following Tina & Welcome!
I don't fucc with the Cops and I really don't fucc with Narcs
Hope you are having a great week! Thanks to everyone who came to the show. We had a blast! Hoping to post a video in the next couple of...
Hey! Do you know if SAG-AFTRA does political endorsements like other unions?
Did I miss the Whitney tribute?
No one, including you, wants or enjoys being criticised. We all need to care for & be kind to each other.
I did something similar. My class decided structure of final: essay & short answer. They nixed multiple choice.
Mango shrimp salad. Mango shrimp salad. Mango shrimp salad. Stop by for lunch. Mango shrimp salad. Mango shrimp salad.
Wow! 's twitter following grew from 1600 to 17,000 during the September blackout.
I appreciate the #FF thank you Mitchell.
we were watching!! =)
Nice weather for a morning bike ride down to the Metro for first day on the job site. Here goes!
Justin why not you you want to give your telephone number?
RT : Senior Editor, Robert Leleux's new book "The Living End" will be published by St. Martin's Press this Jan. 17!
thanks for the reply. My church small group is meeting for our last discussion on the book. It's caused us to talk a lot
so cool! #Insanity is a tough workout, excited for Shaun T. to visit
thank you Courtney :)
Gettin it in at
Squats + Deads = All you can eat
Amazing how much a person can get done starting at 5 am.
It's even better when friends have amazing taste (read: Founding Farmers cocktails FTW!) RT : Love what a small world DC is! :)
Me to my mom keeps telling me to get of she dont understand its adicting I CANT!! =)
I got 5 tickets! Deal's still on, right? ;)
Someone slashed my tire last night while I was at work o_O ai
I would love to know- what role handles referrals at your organization? Is it front desk, back office, clinical support, physician, other?
Is it bad if i cuss out my mother in public? B/c im getting to that point of annoyance.
<3 :) yesterday was so sick! glad you guys had a good time. did you make out set, kara?
Anyone else think 2012 is going to be "The Year We Brought Comic Creators' Rights Issues to Light"?
she said thank you & no problem
curse my amazing brain. s'posed to be on vacation but i'm editing this paper. i am too nice.... and i want ice cream!
Were your ears burning ? Just skyped with Sounds like she is a part of our world domination plan too ;)
Guess I forgot to include *this week* after convo. Thx for commenting on that, since I meant to include it.
any Mahomie's online?! :D
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 43
Black Team Wins the 2010 Basketball Classic! Final score 133-124.
Thanks! So glad you loved the #video and that it brings you joy every time you watch it. 100 + times.
My parents' mail carrier looks like Gallagher and smokes cigars while he does his thing. Badass.
Hey wanna chat
forget we think you're swell.
oh i thinnk i meant to send that to
Martin why did you do that? Because I lost my temper..
And your still important to me. Why?
sorry! I saw your smiling face pop up when I was checking in..
When we believe, we can achieve!
today's lunch...conv ctr? Time?
E-Business and Commerce,Multicultural Issues in International Business..
already on it homie
It was our pleasure!
Mitsubishi eclipse(:
The UN chief has said he is alarmed by escalating violence in Syria - and warned the country's president to stop.
Go insane. Go insane. Throw some glitter, make it rain.
FEAR = Face Everything and Recover!
I hate when I crave Jerk Chicken sandwiches after hours! How about you?
LWhen you first are really interested or attracted to someone, It's something you can't control even if you want to.
C'mon son!!! You know I left you a VM, get your phone on! LOL
100% less Boston love. But way more jokes about Boston. Hope that's okay.
But on the other hand I think everything sounds good right now, cause I just woke up >.<
how about letting me in on the secret...LOL
could u try to tell me how to get ride of it :s?
You and both.
Wondering why has more followers than ...Manu has more rings!!
Happy birthday!
So fun getting an e-mail that your item sold on
Yeah, right! Ha, if you did.. I will be highly upset.
I just wanna stay home and cuddle tonight -_____-
I can't imagine what part thinks its wrong...
Incidentally, when Klein's DOE used public $$$ to create "oppo file" on , he was not being a mensch.
Every one Follow help them get more followers.! #TeamWonder and
NOT- Lose My Mind (freestyle)
well let me know when u get it up & running so I can check u out...
Haha whatever that's a lie last time you said anything to make you not* happy -___- haha
God. Yes.
In Arts with my......... Lol he's been hacked
already what's the delli
Dang lunch break over.
im like dying to find those shirts to. because those you cant really make yourself...
Just as soon as someone buys us 4 first class tickets and a penthouse suite at Hotel Disney. =D
I recommend it for sure - he really works to get things right - :)
CRJ is on top in USA itunes CHARTS. :D Congrats
but their shareholders are happy :D
Many congratulations to Jack McCartan and the Pittsburgh Technical Institute for receiving the Unsung Hero Award yesterday.
Anger, frustration and despair aren't hate. I think some are calling things hate that aren't.
Romney is out of touch with common people,come on $57,000 a day and he cares about me? Power is what he wants.The price of gas,milk no clue!
What software r u using when analyzing inside?
-Great stuff. Thanks.
Tweet tweet .___.
I have to say this one has piqued my interest as well.
Explain to me why I should explain your grade to you at all, much less in detail.
weeping of him!
Up preparing to head to sound check.
I forgot #teenwolf was coming on today. This show is my shit!
Celebrating the November birthdays of great jazz musicians:
Good god some drunk old lady just stumbled into me saying how cute I am. Feel so dirty
Rachel "Brendon your safe this week" Brendon "Thank you FINANCEE thats so revolting
Am I out of coffee? RT : What’s an important question to consider before writing a single word of copy?
Thanks for a great day at the races!
My new icon is credits to !
Closing Arguments Expected In NYPD's Sean Bell Shooting Trial
“: ” Finally, someone gets us.
Now that the Badgers won, it's back to bed for this sick puppy. Getting sick this week is cruel and unusual punishment.
Thanks for the tweet - great minds think alike, I'm in the middle writing you an email right now! :)
Awesome! Spread the word! RT : Thanks for turning me on to for scheduling. I'm not doodling anymore
Testing software central titles with Vista 64! Known compatible titles in the Vista (32 bit) list now also display Vista (64 bit) as a supp
you really get paid to tweet?
Can't wait for this Tuesday's #BTTR!Every week is so much fun!Come sling some sammies w/ us. NE 127 st & US1.Say hi to too :)
Question 2 ask yourself 2day: how are u going 2 get out of ur comfort zone & take risks? Don't be scared & don't be shy
going to the doctor i think i might have chicken pox :/
but who am I jokin with? there's no way that you and I will ever get to re-open it
Dont u just love it when folks throw philosophies they used to scoff @ up in your face? Have you sittin like I just told YOU that last WEEK!
True dat RT : Social Media gives you wings - be sure you use them to help others to fly :-)
#SDSU New Orleans Bowl Kicks Off @ 6pm on ESPN. Win Game #13 two years straight! Geaux #Aztecs!
I love you more #BeHappy <3
I was so embarrassed for Don Draper.
:D How are you?:3
: thank u for following me, I'll follow u too.have a good day.
don't ask me any questions you don't want to hear the answers to...
You're lucky you can get on Pottermore!
Sir Charles on SNL tonight....That's TERible1
So, about 3 hours 'till I get to watch the #bruins get slapped around some more. Shall I live tweet it for you?
Happy Easter!
TONIGHT. Night. Party. $10 pitchers of booze, and the 1st 3 people who mention this tweet get $5 tshirts!
U know I am even if I have to sit on someone I'm coming to c u
Well, facebook made $0.23 today.
I didnt win.
sorry for the late response, we are hoping to have the call for volunteers out within the next week
only 4 more days till the big one!
A-Gon has been close to useless all season. What the hell happened?
If the only movie she owns is snow white, #SheToYoungForYouBro!
Another station drops Rush, Romney flips again, Santorum backtracks, and Newt, well is still Newt. I'm lovin' it.
Don't miss the Glow Salon and Spa 50% off deal on www.crowdclick.com! There are great services for both men and women!
Why do people always smack my butt:x
Future is a hoe talkin two badd bitches at the same damn time smh lol
Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake. =)
it needs work, but I also wrote a 7500 word paper this semester about bots, their power, and bot development frameworks
And curse those many many blogs whose posts do not play well with
following fanny aha :D
Would like to discuss your techniques you posted on the RB board
Traveling Circle is playing the Monster Island Festival this weekend in Brooklyn. Check the details here: www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Muahahaha! Its my season now!
Gm twitter world
kinky. See you next week.
Call me Richard ya dick
Steelers going to pick Mike Adams from OSU? PLEASE!!!
howdy :) hope u are at the show tomorrow :)
#Bachelorette producers may need a refresher on the definition of "exciting".
I hope U ready supastar!!! I got the turntables in the oven warming up right now. CRUNK & DRUNK ON DECK!! OH YEAH
Ubaldo trade hater let me inform you of the statline for one Alex White today.. 4 1/3 innings 5 hits, 6 runs, 6 earned runs 3 walks.
Also happy to have received a copy of the recently published (in Hebree) Samaritan cookbook. Now I can make the famous Samaritan macaroni!
at the cross?
Can I go to THATcamp, administration? Y?
I'm still good for a lap dance though!
Wrap that up as a win, back to LA for game 3
Don't want to be in Arranging for 2 hours...
Blue Bobby Production Akila Records
Don't deny it. We all calculate the minimum score we can get on our finals in order to get a certain letter grade.
What's going on in Nat today/tonight.
Hello! How is your #WoofWednesday going?
Done with teaching for the night.
thanks for the support walid. What kind of work do you do in Egypt?
NKYEC collaborates with UWGC & partners to establish Education Bold Goals
Who loves Vincent Castronovo? I know I do! :D
Sad times at
Big Star
Forecast for This Afternoon: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Highs around 70. Southeast...
he did turn Rich Gannon from shit to star.
Hello to all of you tweeters all over Earth? How are you all doing at this time? Today, I posted a new pendulum paper in my Yahoo group.
Yo Mary Kate and Ashley was not the only twins on Full house. Whatever happen too the twin boys Nikki and Alex.
That was close. I almost gave a shit.
A MAN HAS NO FEELINGS ONLY ONE HE FEELS THE PAIN
RT :RT : Life was much easier when apple and blackberry were just fruits!
Nice little 3 mile run at lunch today in downtown #ROC - gorgeous day!
Just had 3 of my daughter's friends over for a pool party - the house is oddly quiet now that she is napping and the friends have gone home!
RT : Siting in the introduction at CRMC. Talking about innovation. Comfort: It is bad for business. #le360, LMA360
And not in the way I'm used to blacking out.
4 gifts left!
Due to indignation over recent controversies, I now have too many
you know that was for me dude. Our late night comedy sessions are the shit xD
Great to hear Dave!!!
how'd you do that?!
And welcome back ;)
keeps getting #autoaccident/#mva patients. Luckily, under #Chiropractic care, they get much better sooner than going to their MD!
Fill in the blank space with Lorem ipsum
Anisimov earns straight A's for Rangers There are only two Ranger forwards with more points this postseason than Artem Anisimov, a 23-yea
was sitting with her friends and thought of you. Everyone asked "Why are you smiling" I said, "No reason" and smiled even bigger.
I'll give a full report if anything comes of it :)
As a fan, I'm actively cheering against to win the EA Sports NHL '13 cover.
I really want some!!! Hope the bloody marys are good!
My MMOD feed of VCU-Wichita switched to MLB Network before that shot.
What company says this, but I'd hold off.. Holiday sale coming soon.. Needed to get some inventory issues worked out first! :)
So ready for my day of mommy rest tomorrow! Sleeping in, Breakfast in bed, matinee of hunger games... Can't wait!
Sup Austin, still getting hated on?
that wasn't nice at all :c
LMAO. Though, in all seriousness, why do people ever attribute sexual preferences to fictional characters? WTF? lol.
No one would remember the good Samaritan if he had only good intentions. He had money as well. (Margaret Thatcher)
Long night ... need more coffee!
RT : Scholarship Reception is FRIDAY 6-8p.m. @ National U. Our special guest is ESPN's ! Tix at sdabj .org
I Follow Friday'd the shiz out of your College Hockey News
I just unfollowed right back.
BigH Mantra: Accomplishment trumps fear. Every grain of accomplishment allows me to discard a grain of fear.
its a honor to have you "following" me. thanks. much appreciated and lookin forward to som #NFL chat w/ ya
Avengers 3D was awesome!
haha! And you'll never guess where I am applying for a job. I'll give you a hint: you graduated from....
i want a hedgehog so bad :c they are so cute!!
Great speech @ #PENFest12 tonite! "Art is stronger than censorship, but artists are vulnerable"
Hi fellas, is the song list on your site up to date?
they traded back into the second to grab Casey Hayward. A DB from Vandy.
"People who drink light 'beer' don't like the taste of beer; they just like to pee alot." -Capital Brewery, Middleton, WI
SP2 install only took about 20 minutes. It was painless.
I was actually looking into the cheapest tickets!
Brrrrrr...Is the water a little nippy? Not even a heated towel???
Forgot my headphones again
good! How are you? :)
cool ! i cant wait to hear it .
Random text from my dad: Do you have Brazilian friends? I wonder what that's all about
oh i dont know it
Thank you. You're making us blush. Wait until you try the Bromigo, which launches 9/8
Majestic Mondays at One Up Elevated Lounge: Join us for lunch where chef inspired menu items await. Soup Du Jour; Manhattan clam chowder.
Let's do this! All Red #Sixers <3
WORK FLOW
Made a Costco trip today. Is this what being a grown-up feels like? If, so, I don't like it one bit.
way too many dirty tricks played by GOP ovr the years to tweet, dating back to McGovern campaign
So sleepy ^_^
I accidentally got original life cereal instead of cinnamon life. Ill never forgive myself.
": Paid homage to my mom and dad today Great commencement at a great institution."
Additional Touring and Training sessions will take place in 1-10 July and December 2011
This pre-game show with DickeyV and Bob Knight is awesome!
Today was Larissa's last day. We wish her well as she leaves to study in Israel.
great running into you. Sorry we couldn't stop and chat. Hope all is well!!
The Pirates once again are falling apart in May...the Pittsburgh Power are coming together as a team, come out to the next home game!
Holiday shoppers Round up your purchases to the next dollar & the difference goes to the Club. 11/30 - 12/12 Small change adds up!
“: Natty Daddy coming 2012, we own the Rose bowl, But BCS Champs Sounds better ;)” You know it!
Suffering from app overload. I just want one app to do ALL the things...
I had forgotten about this fight. Great illustration of not giving up. (I wish boxing was interesting again!)
In Mississippi Heading to Louisiana...
Next show is June 30th, but what if we say we make it the craziest show we have ever played
Boom! If you guys want to get robbed by a smoking hot hooker can make it happen.
Aw, awesome! Thank you!! Be sure to sign up and get a free download! My gift to you. :)
What of those who are willing to learn?
Got the CD in the Mail today - playing Michelangelo's at 1 Broadway - 8pm.
'Cause I know I'm losing my time, and I don't mind
Was Rickie Weeks' injury a blessing in disguise?
Hey, guess what. My friends go to the same high school that you went too!
A Perfect Saturday Night
Grab $16 worth of Armistice merch for $10! Grab a tshirt and get a bunch of stuff free! www.armisticemerch.bigcartel.com Thank you guys!
I think I really need to tweet moree...
":Definition of stupid: Knowing the truth, seeing the truth, but still believing the lies." I have to deal with a person like this
No, he's not dead. Can't be. He hit him with a stick.
RT : April is National Child Abuse Prevention Month: Please Join me in Raising Awareness.Donate a tweet...
I know honesty is a tough cookie. But when you get it, you should be thankful. But I understand what you are saying. Tks 4 rply.
huh babe!?
An amazing world we live in: where an actor is paid more than a teacher and talentless people can be famous for nothing.
RT : Rangers sign Ron Washington to 2-year contract extension through 2014.
RT : Ravens Insider: Ravens QB Joe Flacco's "boast"- he's damned if he speaks out, he's damned if he doesn't. The media sucks
We look forward to seeing you!
What makes miley beautiful? euum let me see.. BITCH SHE'S BEAUTIFUL BECAUSE SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
Did I make it in time?
Welcome to twitter!!
I moved and 's CDs to the front of the row at Newbury Comics. I love doing this.
"The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal." ~ Aristotle
#askObama Ans. 1 Admitted mistake: Didn't explain and didn't realize how long it would take to get recovery
Will this rain ever cease?! I hope another Noah's Ark thing doesn't have to be built...I can't deal with animals for long periods of time.
My favorite TED Talk
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. -Chinese Proverb
He DID adapt and create a high-offense team. Who says he can't adapt now? Team can't get much younger anyway
Hey, if you stay really quiet and listen very, very closely, You can hear the beautiful sound of you shutting the f$ck up.
I know it's anti-"cool" in this city but THERE WILL BE BASKETBALL!!!
sounds like a mess on 270...now shut down northbound all way up from 670 to 161
I don't really care.
Technology & Solutions session with happening NOW in the Alvin/Edison: Interactive Print--An Integrated Approach
Any extra DIPLO tickets?!?!
Sitting in my office wondering what the best Mother's Day cupcake flavor would be.
Haven't watched SportsCenter in a few days. Just saw Artest's elbow. #FuckYou World Peace! He should be expelled from the NBA, no doubt.
If you find a tape recorder in the basement, don't play it...ever!
Me and Nick have been together 355 days. #ThatsExciting 💙💜💗
And he fails me 
This comes up every year in my family, so I'm curious what you think! Egg Nog: delicious holiday treat or no??? *Danielle*
City Closes Illegal Hotels and Puts Pressure on B-and-B’s
:P you first hahaha
if he did it'd be nice if he let his business partner know!
Now watch him stop in the middle of "Hey Joe" and drop in some "Hey Ya." haha
James Thurber~ The wit makes fun of other persons the satirist makes fun of the world the humorist makes fun of himself.
good stuff for last minute holiday gifts!
I have my "survival kit" and I know what to do in case of an earthquake but... all I wanted to do was call my mom!
Mazel Tov!!! I am SO proud of you. Well done! :)
#Yosted RT: what's worse for KC fans: Royals losing 9th in a row or Yuni getting 2 hits, guaranteeing he'll lead off tomorrow."
I'll have to remember to check that out. Is it in summer?
NO! Let's bring back the old Caps/Devils rivalry from late 80s/early 90s. I died a little inside when Scott Stevens got traded.
This is so helpful. Its definitely going to happen. This shall be the best summer yet
I use mostly #facebook and #linkedin, but I also monitor media from similar #nonprofits here on
Fox News was the ONLY network to refuse to air the Haiti Telethon...just how evil ARE these people?! *Christian*-Right my a$$.
Good luck with your sessions!
Rain delay
You can't let Oliver keep pitching
Home sweet home. <3
MT : . is looking for your political slogan pins and buttons for a story! If you still have yours contact me!
Last Time I'm Asking If You Wanna Be On This Fan Poster I'm Having MB Sign Send Me Your Real Names & Cities Otherwise You Won't Be On It
I got you girl...to the wall
I need ideas for my thesis essay.
The creator of #mancode is in the studio!!!
pet peeve: people who RT but do not credit their RT to the person who tweeted the info.
Hiya pal!! Getting ready to pawwwwteeeeee!
First names? Jessica.
So proud of my incredible bff for her amazing performance of Mahler tonight. The world is better with her voice.
just finished my Annie rehersals, homework time then tomorrow is early release from school! Time with my friends! <3
you got it..."make ya pussy poot like a compooter gurl!!!"
You can tell me anything. I'll probably laugh and make fun of it, but you can still tell me anything.
Excited to see my lady!.
going for a run.
One more review and I'm caught up *dances*
That's a smart way of articulating the administrative dilemma. I feel the same, often.
Well, , I may literally bring home the bacon.
North Carolina, go stand in the corner with Utah and Arizona.
I`m going to open a store next to Forever 21 and call it Finally 22.
I'm trying to have a conversation.
And Green scores his first points for MSU. 29-24
Thanks for the interaction though!
- tell the to start wearing their white jerseys at home. They never lose in those jerseys and they look better.
Seeing Mac & Cheese on the TT just makes me hungry! Maybe that's what I'll have for dinner tonight... what are you guys having?!
no it doesn't, think biblically men have always been this way. Y'all are the ones who have changed & expected something new
Saying you love a person every 30mins doesnt mean you are truly in love..action is always better than speech. #just saying
Happy Mothers Day to your mom! She is really blessed to have sons like you rob and chris!
Not that it definitely had to do w/ head trauma, but that's where your mind goes when you hear an ex-NFLer killed himself.
Thank you for following! Happy #WW :)
We have at least one sheep in labor, possibly three.
Guess what I got on my Exam last week I got an A+
The fear of #Fridaythe13th is called friggatriskaidekaphobia...say that 5 times fast!
I told my mom if she let me stay home I'd help her clean. Guess who has been sleeping.
I know a lot of people that quit #fb and joined #Instagram this acquisition brings them back to the (new) big blue.
Liars.....I hate them...I just want to be told the truth for once......
For now, an Ellie's Brown Ale, some pistachios, some rest, some research and then back on the road!
Big sunglasses solve some problems.
Some people take social networking to serious. HEY LOSERS "You are NOT famous!" Why not #FollowBack!
work work work
SO MUCH TO DO.
I thought I smelled something back there but it was just an old dried up apple. :-)
why'd they supposivly break up?!
behind all the cuts and the tattoos and the scars, she does have a story and she has a reason for doing what she does
pssshhh no bro
I will not get my PhD...maybe if I win the lottery and can go full time.
Salmon lowers the level of inflammation in your body. Eat #wild Alaskan salmon 3 x wk.
Amateur hour is about done.. Everyone's ready for and -- It's #BASS o'clock. DC.. Act like you know!!
Evacuate the city! RT : I don't mean to alarm you, but Kenny G is performing this evening at The Birchmere.
if I had to stick Kobe, I'd probably cry .. just saying.
It was nice meeting you Friday night! I enjoyed our conversation and hope to see you very soon!
"Much depends on dinner." - Byron
She bogus Af
starting the morning off at the
Touchdown #Bills... Finally!
I was not aware of your musical skills... I just liked your fb page :)
Rushing to The Avengers before it's SOLD OUT!!
Well Chris a 5-4 Road trip was pretty good I will take it. Now lets take care of the home stand.
#Touch rocks!!
“: Words are just words, they mean nothing without action.” Exactly.
I dunno! I always wake up!
tickets for Rock the Bells go on sale tomorrow and I haz no money *tear*
08' Pinot Noir from Burgundy is here! Aromas of candied cherry, red licorce & a Grand Marnier finish will make your mouth water immediately
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I never stopped liking you.
at 'Naughty in N'awlins' swinger event. Its a beautiful day in new orleans !
Well... it's time to work out!
happy birthday sexy mama
very cool
Soul Survivor had a great hook meaning the energy, but Who Dat that go ham my dude.
Who are you staying with, btw?
extreme sports psychology
Everyone over the age of 26-34, if you're not in school anymore...be glad! <:[
Stuck for two hours in the Denver airport. I have limited enthusiasm for pretending to shop for Western-themed coffee cups and potholders.
Happy new year everyone! Stay safe! Thanks to Atwater's for a nice end of 2011 brunch!
I got Magician's Elephant from the library, or I would totally lend it! a beautiful read - just not sure what kids get out of it.
First that marriage vow, now this - how do you find the most absurd news items? Thanks for sharing them so we can rage too!
I hate madonna
Thanks - looking forward to yours.
It's alright, #Bulls will make adjustments, get a proper tongue lashing from Thibbs and steal 1 in Philly
Less this 📱 more this 👂.
I can only play cod sitting in the same position in my chair Otherwise I go negative
Mid morning run. Bleachers too. Extra cardio feels good. >:)
Rizzo the Murpinator is killing the Cavs tonight. Go 'Cats roll the Hoyas. OU Alum like us need to bring it strong just like Reghi says
is on the phone with prospects and media this week. He's ballin! NI style. Be there before they serve dranks!
Why do these dudes look like ghost on Monday Night countdown? Somebody needs to be fired tomorrow.
Phew, what a day!
He didn't have to lose me to learn to treat a woman right.
Honey, be careful with that. You know you ain't got a lot of junk in that truck. Happy Friday, sir.
why are you so pretty:) You're really inspirational!
Poaching in marinara is WAY easier than in water. It just sits there, and the sauce holds it up. And it's YUM.
Greene Street...probably looking for the same hidden Apple store I couldn't find. WHAT?! WHERE!
OH SHIT THE ALPHA
if i get one more mention from that website that tell you who unfollowed you i'm going to come undone. yes i unfollowed you & NO I DONT CARE
Anytime! Love food questions!
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (2vp-t2)
All Jack in the Box locations have them, supposedly.
Just got everything almost done Waiting on my mom to do my facial Ughh been stressed !/:
I was just beaten up for taking a rest.Security certainly has tightened up at the snooker club lately.
Jesus freaks
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
oh my!!! Scary
#ImHappyWhen I make money
#Its2012WhyYouStill wear glasses with no lenses---> to me thats some ugly sh*t--->As teens/kids call them "Nerd Glasses"
excuse me! Haha :)
Have a drink with LIVE at 8PM Sat in #BrewCity. "Cheers and Jeers: Alcohol in America." WATCH & LEARN on C-SPAN3.
I'm getting drunk today cuz it's #CincoDeMayo... ah who am I kidding, I'm getting hammered cuz it's Saturday.
tonights the last night in the ole apartment...moving day tomorrow
Supply lines in war are now IN the fight; convoys attacked by IUDs and life changing injuiries
Get a life
Hoping to, just have to confirm w/ work. Would be great to finally meet in person. I'll let you know as soon as I register :)
coded conversations with disclosure get old
Been throwing up the past 12 hours.
very cool! Ya I dig LOTR, pretty much interested in most films that are fanboy'ish. I'm just a lover of films and lots of tv.
Oh aight, yeah I know he played @ a D1 school tho
'': Round of applause!!!'' yes I know the nuggets got a crucial road win
I don't want to struggle no more I know that I deserve so much more I shouldn't have to settle for less I don't want to live 2 check 2 check
Simple Ways to Knowledgeably Choose a Cycling Bicycle That You Desire
My no-spill bubble tumbler is pretty much my bff. Love parents' eyes when I hand it to their 15 mo old!
Cause them thirsty bitches that's that shit I dont like
thank you!
Bendiciones, I hope you guys do great!
my life is last minute
something into that stmt that something is missing. Seems like lot of NHLers have families, not just DA
#sharktank makes the week so much better. It renews my optimism being an entrepreneur!!
How awesome is it that things we talk about in class ACTUALLY come up in real life?! Grad school IS useful/applicable!
He will, indeed, love Latin! I should put you in touch with another former student, daughter of friends, similar profile
Having one child makes you a parent; having two you are a referee ~ David Frost Is this true in your house?
Idk it starts at 6. You went to football games last year.
researching the car bailout.. does anyone know the terms of the auto bailout?
Good evening! back from cool ride, back to more editing ;)
Fat boys BBQ with the guys
EyreAffair: i guess 41. RT bets on the number of followers gets in 1st day. closest without going over wins #sl ...
we definately should!
The most we can #Hope for in life is Love & Joy... The best we can do is... #Work toward those things that make us happy!
Hungar Games was good, so was the Munchie's frozen yogurt afterward.
RT : Today is National Health Care Decisions Day. Talk about organ, eye and tissue donation – and register today!...
heading to my salsa class with elizabeth v.
People don't change they just find new ways to lie to you.
Thanks sis! Sorry you can't make it out here. :(
you goin to la cosina tonight?
Delicious halibut for dinner. Now back to the beach for more walking.
I want to sleep but I can't I just wanna listen to music and be held damn it
Its two cold out for this.! Glad I brouqht pants lol
Attending session "Gamify and socialize: Beyond the Buzzwords." Brad Stone interviewing Bing Gordon
Stamford Bridge almost literally erupted just then. Nice goal, Chelsea. GET BACK IN IT BARCA.
Just finished my portion of the Mothers Day letter, I even got emotional ...Watch my Brother be like 'ily Mom, Happy Mothers Day'
Chicago Tommorow To See My Wela From PR And My Baby Seth For The First Time EVER!(: Good Start Off For Summer
Max Siegel says conversations w/ Indy officials including Indiana Sports Corp have started to bring big-time track & field events here.
What #element should I do for my #AtomicProject?? I'm thinking #Neon, #Chlorine, #Krypton or
great quote!
Way too hot at the fair today!
Is there such thing as being too alike?
baby momma lol what's good nay. What u doin
Thanks for the good thoughts yesterday. Still no news. I'm playing like Gary Gnu, though. :-)
When was this? We seem to have a lack of communication!! John Taglieri LIVE in San Antonio on Ft Sam!!!
They say he [Thales] found the seasons of the year and he cut up the year into 365 days. D. L. 1.27, DK A1
come over ... You drive or me?
morning sunny world! out to soak in some rays.. :)
finished Buddenbrooks. 19th century German bourgeoisie, you been told.
I'm a huge fan of bud light lime so I will def have to try this! BTW when we gonna party
i cant belive clare nd eli broke up awww they r soo freakin great couple
oh hahaha of course!
jealous. Went last year. Favorite city.
Tosh.0 is so stupid but funny as hell!
RT : Empathy teaches ppl 2 trust their feelings & intuitions, & it creates sensitivity 2 the feelings & needs of others
YES. Its on youtube! Thats where I watched it!
To me, it doesn't make sense that it would exist in the world. Then again, I've never been into *any* conspiracies.
I'm with ya girl ! Let's stay possitice together & wait for that day follows us :)
Awake for sure . . .a car alarm has been going on and off since 4am. . .ugh. . . coffee now, please.
Happy Birthday Coco Grande
#tacos! #beer! gets me. She really gets me.
Thanks for coming today! It was really great to meet you!
I sent you a picture!!!!! & miss you too/:
2 pc spicy, red beans and rice, PLEASE!!
going to go and beg my dad to but me a ticket to watch you online ! Wish me luck (: !xx
you're so beautiful!!!!<3 I'm so jelly of you!(:
is watching Taxi... you're so cute! :)
spent last 2hrs researching anti-aging possibilities from Aubrey de Grey & implications of singularity from Ray Kurzweil. mind is spinning!!
This bitch waited for me to get close then she pulled out in front of me! What are you fuckin retarded! !
Or a guy crouched in the bushes drinking his own pee.
All my exs live in texas like im george stright. Or they go to georgia state where tution is handled by some random nigga .
you never ask me!!
lmao!! They are always touching someone! Hope you have a good and safe flight.
clay gets 10 seconds of camera time. That kinda sucked
Well-said, my good man. Well-said!
good guess!! Rusty Varenkamp is producing!!! :)
what apartment fool?!
im bout to go to my friend jaron's house cya in a little while
I know I didn't just waste over two hours of my day dealing with an adult-bullying situation. Name calling? Really?
Sure did (:
Thanks twitterverse for getting the word out. Amazing how many restaurants are calling US.
Congratulations on your remission. Sounds like a real fight for you. Thanks for sharing your good news!
thanks for following!!! ;)
I keep forgetting that school zones are enforced because kids are still in school
watch out for rockets at 11pm Mohawk inside.
Phishing is a major problem because there really is no patch for human stupidity — Mike Danseglio
Thanks. I'll try harder.
LIKE. Comps lists? (Was on mine - 18/19C Irish - too). RT: : Castle Rackrent: go.
BBC reports from Iran that there has been NO CALL TO CANCEL TOMORROWS SEA OF GREEN PROTEST.
Discussing that right now actually...
Haha, this is exciting and brutal. Can't we just get a real hitter up?
you just have to stay positive :D
thanks a lot, I really appreciate it
My boss caught me doodling and told me "you draw some cool shit!" lol I was ready to get fired.
I need Some Food Right Now..
Happy Monday!!! rise and shine and may we all have a fantastic week!
Lemieux was back for the beginning of the 1995 season after a leave of absence, scoring his 500th career goal in October.
I love you Always reminding me why I dance...
that's the shit bro! Need to get me some more...
I don't know honey boo boo child
agreed! :) miss my boos
I think going to Carl Douglas funeral would be awesome because they'd probably play "Kung fu fighting" when they brought out the coffin
I've only had it for a month myself. Diigo is social bookmarking. It's great for keeping track of all my resources.
good morning Mike! Hugs and kisses!
Haha! RT : Jack was scared of flies for a while, lol
I had some too yesterday. Made me. I can't take all the credit though, got me hooked on it. Can't go back.
Why don't we use umlaut more often? ä ë ï ö ü Such a waste of a perfectly good diacritic.
2012 #NFL Draft is 13 days away.
talking about putting public deposits into local banks to help leverage loans for small biz's- referencing...
thanks for the follow. Y'all are a great place to find #bbq sausage from the Sausage Capitol of Texas, namely us!
I guess you are Living In Oblivion. ;-)
Yeah.. should clear up that he is still with Strikeforce. Maybe soon though!
Do styles create silos? cc RT [w/held] to submit MS to JITP I'd have to convert from APA to Chicago style: turn-off
Lol i can't deal !!
What are your plans for #SocialMediaWeek?
Don't know if they exist...“: A relationship means giving the best of yourself to someone that truly deserves it”
I love teens and write about them. In novel, Everest OMG!, 4 teens are climbing Everest, 2 boys, 2 girls. Told by 16 yr old girl.
fish and shrimp...
AWESOME Full Retreat! Great to get away and get real with brothers. Also, a big congratulations to our new officer corps!!
how much do you love Danielle?
And boom, one more minute!
Congrats on that interview!
Admitted Students Day 2012 registration and breakfast about to begin
Good bye days of old...
#history #museum #historical Military Aircraft crash site preservation program show coming out tomorrow!
Samsung Galaxy Note... Best. Phone. EVER... Sorry Apple. I can never go back to the limits of the iPhone.
Tomorrow on Forward: Ida Jo, Whiskey Farm, & Scott Wilcox are in-studio to play tracks from "Cheddar Revolution: Songs of Uprising"
That guy that pisses on the toilet seat <<<<
come check out the Social Center platform behind sponsored by
This made me happy.
Looking for a quality iPad-compatible projector for presentations. Not a rinky-dink mini projector. Thoughts?
Keep it fun internally!
POA is matching pledge dollars for the next 3 minutes - Call Now 602-377-3003
diggin the updates of your trip. The fishing looks rad. Cheers!
- If only Liberals/Progressives were as dedicated to voting in Democratic primaries. (& mid-term elections!)
Philly fan, how cool would it be if Richards and carter went on to win the cup in LA?I would love it.
Snell Library will be offering FREE MASSAGES in the lobby on Dec 12th & 13th from 12-2pm to help relieve stress from finals!
People are so sketchy. Bleg.
Ha! RT Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna...
WOW. You could have gone faster on your board.
Gotta go thru this all over again..ugh
Whose gonna stop me? And I called you!
I haven't danced since May of last year. That could only be disastrous lol
Love that place!
A super belated & super happy birthday to one of our favorite Columbusites! xo
the lack of production with runners in scoring position is starting to become a concern
post the picture or it didn't happen! ;)
RT A 2-way transfer happens on the Cross: our sins are transferred to Him, and His righteousness is transferred to us.
Or should we thank ? If you're not already doing so, I'd recommend following him. Provides great insight on SM.
! RT : Research suggests that taking dogs to work reduces stress in workplace and increases satisfaction.
he gotta lose some time lol
#Breastfeeding photos - called obscene - pulled off Facebook? Really. The debate at 5:30 on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
“: karleeelovesyou Happy birthday gorgeous!! (:” thank you :)
he was like "you trendy people, those aren't the words"
I've been waiting months for on gameday tomorrow morning. Good luck EA
my brother is driving around MA looking for a hotel at 10:00PM...great advance planning
Hadn't seen that; thanks! I will add that to our collection of prior art.
FHA loans allow borrowers to receive their down payment as a gift from a relative.
las vegas
onto something with #HouseOfLies now just hope lives up to its reputation
You got rain? We got umbrella hats!!
thanks! That was Big Shoulders out of Chicago.
You know its week one of the college football season when Virginia Tech is beating Appalachian St. by 53 points!
Please, what is that cool retro guitar you play?
haha I just started tweeting too, this blackberry makes it so easy!
IM ON THE PHONE READING MY SCRIPTS. THANKS BITCHES!!
You know... my iMac has been having trouble running more than a few programs simultaneously. I wonder if the RAM finally gave out? Possible?
Hiding from my mom lol
Honestly I will if you are up for it now Paul is out of town getting married. Let me know for real!
Nice catching up with Lauren and !
Today marks the beginning of NAFSA Advocacy Day 2012. Get ready to advocate!
My homie is at least 650 times better than you. So yeah.
Brandon Schiffli's short, Quarter Til Two directed by Tim Connery, will be screening at Orange Rind Festival May 20, 8 pm Orange City, IA
Umm time for the white sox to switch pitchers.. Sale is fucking up!!
they did and some of my friends did to
had to force myself not to buy a plane ticket back to Boston for marathon Monday. Probably would have needed another surgery.
Occupy Portland event is set to protest corporate and special interests groups in government. Protestors plan to recap the protest over PBRs
or five. And a hug.
Anytime! Keep up the great work!
down below.. 2 lips was brought together.... hahaha
I miss that sweet little man and his ability to procure coffee and milk out of thin air.
When you realize you were thrown aside, betrayed, not good enough, and taken advantage of. I'm and was so much better than you ever deserve.
Know your tables ;-) RT : Lean Thinking and SCUBA. You don't need a dive computer. That's as lean as you probably want to get.
That awkward moment when a girl says get off my nuts........
Today is a great day. just found out that i'm going to 's concert in canfield, OH YEEEESSSSS!!!!! It's amazing!!!
Sheeeit nigguh im moving and hbu ": what r u up to? smile."
#BOYFRIENDReview i think boys will serenade us soon with it .haha
I have so many good people and moments that make me smile! Life is good
I agree the larger picture looks less invasive than the closer item they had at first.
Thank you so much for the mention. You rock! :)
you are butt
if you not 18 or older real talk
Might also be helpful to cast someone without an accent, who doesn't sound like they are in extreme pain whilst speaking.
“The bitch hit me with a toaster…”
I learned something new. The Bush tax cuts didn't work because of 9/11 according to Newt.
In order to find the percentiles, you have to divide the data sets into equal groups of 100
Love it! RT : Enjoying today's Google logo? UK artist has just uploaded up a quick tune using it
I feel like a modified rising card deck (traditional Bicycle) would be awesome.
Doctors at the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio
Sounded like it to me.
I would have loved to have referred folks to , don't trust them after this sleazy tactic
Where are you headed? What's your highest wish for yourself if there were no obstacles? Once you're clear on that- make it happen!
i love you so muchh!hearing oyour voice really cheers me up!<3
No Brooklyn this time around. I have been to WTC many times before & after..
Can I get the girl that did the Thunder half time show twitter name anyone ??
Welcome to the family Andrew Luck.
I'm not in a bad place yet, sister! There's still time!
hahahahahahahah I thought you would.!! 
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
The mani pedi place we're at is playing bob marley and I never want to leave.
Just returned from HQ. The Peace Corps is 50 years old and 200,000+ Americans have volunteered already. Who's next?!
This lady in the old main office just offered me a bite of her apple o.O lmfao umm
Don't argue. You can't beat a woman in an arguement. Cause men, we are handicapped when it comes to arguing cus we have a need to make sense
Meeting time, but I thought that was a thoughtful discussion And on Twitter!
where u now? We r headiing to rockafella center.
I just noticed I'm not really using twitter as frequently as I used to. Oh well Follow the LOTUS to get in contact with me.
thanks for the shout
bet... hit my cell when you can,
Happy Easter!!
Working on dialing in the #social and website deal. My day dreams are of a #Sprinter and a few #bikes rolling through #Utah this fall.
And its for the win!! Way to go Furcal!
Sitting in an office all day is not conducive to my tan.
How about Tony Slush?
HOMESLICE! what up, sorry i missed your event
my daughter said the Indy show was the best in the world!! Happiest girl in the world # teambreezy
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
#LiveliketheLorax Get a short picture book turned into a massive money grabbing movie! Go environment!
Wait... they married each other?
HAPPY NEW YEAR<333
Visit our new website at www.bentleypc.com
#replaceTWSongTItlewithlemons...........Lemons in paradise
DAMNIT WHY CAN'T PEOPLE JUST SHOUT OUT THEIR QUESTIONS? Raising your hands . . pshhhhh
Hey Thanks for The Follow
One should feel beautiful in their skin :)
SEE YA LATeR OVIIIII
Enjoying some yogurt at
Now that it's time for summer, spring is finally here! I love Washington!
Need to get my followers up
Had the obligatory back-to-school dream where I'm missing all my classes because my schedule has changed from last term and I TOTALLY FORGOT
Hell yeah. spaghetti night 🍝
Wednesday Wisdom: “Your life is of your own design; you create it with every thought and every emotion.” -Anonymous
Let me know if you still want to do the giveaway! =)
I hope you'll be back! will miss you.Good luck!
yesyes!!!! Very soon!
Congrats to & on winning the Qdoba Greek Competition.
this is hilarious.....
Watching the Heat kill the Knicks one more time.
Someone on my floor is cooking something with lots of garlic and it smells delicious #lunchtime!
Wish tomorrow were holiday
Lakes on the Green*
Nice. You don't have to do a concentration, but they have some interesting ones w differing requirements.
well that sounds very cool.
School ends June 18. Flying home to see friends June 22. Gonna be a GOOD summer :)
THANK YOU!
Austin has been in newspapers, on tv, had concerts&he still isn't verified? He would love to be verifired! RT if you think he should be ♥
Good idea. Hard to say no to a cute baby :)
you get to the Bruins game today?
Wow! Tonight's episode of #touch is pretty cool Well done
905 words Tuesday, 350 words Wednesday, aiming for 1000 words today - that's how writing gets done.
Happy to be part of Nerdbery Challenge - slight detour reading Siberts for ALSC class!
#ImWeakFor Long, passionate kisses.
While I'm on the subject of music, the new Spiritualized album is amazing.
My hair went all Taylor Swift in a good way today. Why can't I hit repeat? Tomorrow the hair will epic fail me. I'll be all librarian bun.
but I'm saying, like all you gotta do is keep it a hunnit wit me & I'll do the same.
will definitely be taking advantage at my next O's game.
Tell Me Am I All You Need
Obama fucked up with the new law.. Hell nah. Nasty as law..
Eating neopolitan ice cream, reading Cosmopolitan magazine.
why hey gorgeous how r u
Also, takeoff and landing? My kids know to look over and hold my hand. In a way, my fears free them to not have them...
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please ♥♥
#nwill2011 some Softchalk features: interactive questions, activities, and games; media & widgets; ADA compliance, metadata, scoring
I Love You Too :)
Hey how is everything going for you
I need 7 by the Saints...soon. SF's secondary is fired up.
quote the girl off basket ball wives ( you not about that life ) wtf you all have never been in a fight proven fact YOU NOT ABOUT IT EITHER
Congrats! What's your degree?
Hey Jeff , Can you follow back:) -MBNYST
#ICONiacz answer this question WHO IS UR FAV ICONIC BOY AND WHY
It's been almost 48 hours that I'm 18 years old and I haven't once been naked. BRB.
all over Tampa I meant lol
We saw them at the Metro in Chicago in February. 100% pure AWESOME!
No...it [obviously] allowed Spoles to spin around and avoid the big hit. Duh!
what time is it in london?
Legal Tip for the Day: Bankruptcy does not discharge all debt. You are still responsible for child support, alimony, taxes, student loans..
maybe the Easter bunny will bring you chocolate covered tacos.
My first kiss <3
That is a great idea!
I'm the proud new owner of a double-purfled, fleur-de-lis-inlaid, Naples-made 250-year-old Nicolo Gagliano violin!
Hong Kong -----> Shanghai
well, galaxy press (for L.Ron Hubbard's fiction) is across from us. & they have a guy w/ a lasso. natch. sorry, it's just strange.
It's official...I'm going to be a mom of 3 boys!!! Baby BOY is healthy and all is well :) #onehappymomma (there you go )
#nene was a stripper o.O
wee do
thanks C! Gotta share it...
bahaha keep me posted!!!! I wanna go!
Music, humans oldest form of expression
ha! I would pay to see that!
"Thank u so much for coming with me." "yeah I'm so selfish, i get to hangout with you."
Sad to learn (belatedly) of the death of Christine Brooke-Rose. I sometimes teach Amalgamemnon alongside Ulysses
#HolyShit GOOGLE ZERG RUSH AND GOOGLE WILL EAT THE PAGE!
I'd love to, but I'm down 10 lbs and still falling. Both would be a setback :(
Matching Pledge from Gilla River Casinos for 3 minutes.
Am I the only one that has seen ridiculous playoff tweets today.
Tryin 2 fig out how to keep pushing writing career while working 2 reg jobs...help!
Realanthropy: Half of every commission I earn is donated to the charitable organization of the client's choosing.
which is exactly why i don't jump whenever i'm asked out. i just politely say no & go about my day. guys only want one thing!!
Watching hip hop pov #im nt just a rapper I study this $hit
However, there were times of mass quantities, relived now and then.
Probably the musical highlight of the night.
realized about 2 minutes after the service ended that she totally forgot to include the Father's Day prayer.
me too! I would really like to know you in more ways than just one :)
That dude Blake is beast .
mom says no shorts underneath. gah! mom, i don't want to be naked!
TIME TO FIND A NEW SHOW TO WATCH ON NETFLIX
That's enough Miley Cyrus!
these hoots are the originals!
My circle like a cemetery people die to get in
He That Will Not Be Counselled Cannot Be Helped
Coach Marshall didn't lie when he said this is the best recruiting class he's ever been associated with.
timeout on the field as Mike Lookingland is shaken up. :33 left in 2nd with Wave on the powerplay.
lol, truetrue. I'm so glad I'm not in school anymore. C:
GOOD MORNING PORTLAND & HAPPY FRIDAY!!
yup!!! Crazy it's at 10am for me
But the amount and speed of muscle build-up will be determined by nutrition
It was so cute even tho I don't have any child of my own
Solid 4-0 win over comets!
Forget plush spider toys. I've decided on a mechanical blue spider made from Legos. Will send parts + instructions to clients.
coffee is brewing and getting ready to study for one of my math class exams for a few hours.
How is the OKC stat guy now? LOL
Let me hear all about it! Wanted to go, but conflict with #gardenclubsofvirginia Symposium
Get a Mario & Luigi chest piece.
Talking NCAA Tournament "Bracketology" on "Daytime @ Nine" w/ Monica Taylor & Miriam Zamorano @ 9am on KABB/Fox San Antonio.
Dreams are symbolic. What does being an actor represent to you?
It's in my jeans and in my genes.
people do not want to address our true failure and deal with responsibility for the poverty a la misinterpretation of data!
1% ---> RT : woods hole! Martha's vineyard! holy crap, it's cold here!
make it 3001!
Good morning twitter family R.I.P. to the GoGo Father Chuck Brown take it to the bridge now
LOST: Three minds, belonging to boys ages 11, 8, and 5. If found, please soothe and return with alcohol of choice for parents. Reward.
OH: "I'm sick of OHs"
Every leader is a looter or a lifeline. -
RT : where will my brother #sxsw2012 ?!
Thefuture.fm launches iPhone app for discovering DJ mixtapes, hopes to steal Spotify's thunder
I think you do. Just because you were bad with someone before, doesn't mean it'll happen with someone else.
You don't draft a guy in the 1st round when they are projected to go in the 3rd. That's drafting 101.
not a team at the station, I embarass them enough!
Going to save a min pin that is getting euthnized tonight at 8
Cabin bound :-) going to relax....
Early to zumba and of course getn n upset stomach #wonderful hopin to enjoy some sun and painting today
I "may" have eaten one once... still not sure to this day. Oh Thailand.
Up for a morning run. New blog post on my disaster with Internet dating www.kayblog.com
We have reprinted our mouse pads! Our new SBA SOP 50 10 5 (D) mouse pad had run out but now we reprinted them. Have them sent to you today!
Kevin is the night foreman overseeing the Tapenzie/Brooklyn Bridge security repairs.
As posted earlier: Have money to spend on new history books. What should I be reading?
sounds as if you dont care bout the mets might wanna put more dallas stuff up
COOL!! I knew my heart was right that u r a mad cool sexy mami! XOXO
Attn #attorneys - what do you want to learn or know about with the iPad? Suggestions? cc:
What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
have fun
can you explain why you punched the wall?
Also can't stop thinking of the episode with JFK's golf clubs, or the one when Jerry dates the deaf woman who can read lips
The game I just umpired ended on a walk off home run. This is 10 year old softball out of the park.
The Guto is daughter tested, mother approved.
let u know about what?
What is your favorite musical (I'm in need of a new soundtrack and would love an opinion on something with great music)?
are you staying home?
your like ceral with no milk
Coming soon: Tournament style Rock-Paper-Scissors coming soon. $50 winnings! You in?
White Hummer. Grey SUV's. Khakis' Blue Blazers. Earbuds. Construction on western tracks of EL loop.
oh good! I would totally send freeway up to regulate for you!!!
Looks like a cool event!
Another fact about me. I don't really like Nutella. But I'll eat it. I just don't really like the taste of it. ~Ashley
the Meta-terrorists would be another good name for a band also.
Thank you! Hopefully gonna film another one tonight! :)
Good values are easier caught than taught. -Zig Ziglar
Backstage at Versace for H&M Kisses!
Thrilled to host at our DC office for their holiday party tonight. Great organization.
Someone please bring me nyquil. :(
RT : Is it cardio if you put on your swimsuit and have a panic attack? // I vote yes
It's That Sundress Weather:)
#lions take a wr? Seriously what the f'ck! Whos gonna play defense?
Ugh. Good night.
Three of The Last of the Mohicans
NAH! MITT ROMNEY doesn't have a clue about BULLYING. No person along the way stopped to CORRECT HIS BEHAVIOR. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
#IdolBackstage ! I wonder who will go home tonight !:/
Not meaning to over simplify but I'm thinking a lot about getting leaders to be more action oriented.
its time to grind but i aint no skateboarder!ya feel me!
i love my life. for reals. and thanks for the compliment and recognition.
and I do that sometimes because I'm trying to hurry up!
remove and clean food filter trap then run some diluted chlorine in a sani cycle! Good luck!
U gotta lick it b4 u stick it!
Getting ready for the Budgeting and Financial Literacy Seminar presented by JU sponsor the Della Porta Group..Noon until 130 in DCOB 159!
Nikita seems to be doing better this morning! I layed with her all night, maybe that helped :) So relieved my baby is back!!!
www.DatingChicagoland.com launches in 5 days--Go there now to enter your e-mail address to be notified when the site goes live!
Homeowners typically take only three baths per year, so you may want to consider getting rid of your tub and only installing a shower.
Funkasaurus!!! BEST THING EVER!!!!!
People always got some shit to say about some body
that is such a help with no spaces just make less for my week old eyes to look @ but want 2 c u all again :)
U did broke it but u didn't have any feelings for her so u dnt kno wat u did to break it
We have a new server ready - vpn-ws6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Tokyo, Japan. It's available in your customer area now.
If you’ve been spending hours lately figuring out ways to save money, why not spend that time instead on figuring out ways to earn it?
Hmm.. Well how TALL are yu then?
I can't wait to watch it and feel horrified about what my father apparently thinks of me.
i never tweet cuz i feel like nobody cares
Last night there were 7700 people watching the let's get out and support the winningest team in
true that babe.
Birchbox is amazing! You'll have to let me know what you get.
I BALLED THE BITCH OUT NOW I GAVE HER TO MY NIGGA CANT TAKE IT NIGGAS CHASEING THEY WONT ME AND MY NIGGAS IN MY KELS CASH VC
Really should delete you plastics
Oh yeah! We're the life of the partay partay ah ah the life of the partayyy. Lol, sorry FTSK is stuck in my head! :P
Lmfao you wrong for that!
Heading to NY for a long weekend next month, looking for hotels - thinking of perhaps - any recommendations from my followers?
That is just wrong
oh goodness
OPEN your eyes .
account hacked. time to change password AGAIN
Been thinking that for the last hour. Saturday's really have becoming depressing now.
No sleep again last night....I can't stand that bitch Insomnia. She works my nerves a few nights a week. She so damn disrespectful lol
RAID is so 2002. TO THE CLOUD!(tm)
This autograph thing could go to my head...
if you are the owner of any DC based radio station, you should give me a call. 774-277-9202. i would like to help your web presence
I want my Kiss FM Back! How much ESPN can you listen to? 2 minutes!
Anti jokes are so funny, lol.
yeah well im at barnone with a gin n tonic so take that!
yes, you can tweet from twfall, but you have to sign in and ok twfall access to Twitter
It's mutual. April will be even better.
Dang i feel bad cuz neglected my new followers which are da bruhs
Good 4th, rest of game was just ok.
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 9
#MelloyDodge - We are here to help! Drop by our showroom today at 9621 Coors Blvd. NW Albuquerque, New Mexico.
After a very warm welcome from the Ark Church I visited Southern Baptists church. Met a lot of great people!
1 more day!!
i was wondering if could follow me back, please?:)
Next Google bank account....watch your money rise and fall
i seriously need to do a photoshoot asap! i miss working on set!
Got Assn event coming up? Hit us with a press release at
finna kill this beat almost done wit it after recordin on this beat alot of thought into it
she talking about visiting her this weekend
Spectrum to Educate Attendees at IAHCSMM Annual Conference - PR Web (press release)
The rare joy of a rental car.
One should always play fair when one has the winning cards.- Oscar Wilde #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
I submit taxes via snailmail.
Amen BF!! That tweet has me singin "Woke up this mornin with my mind / stayed on Jesus!!!"
: don't worry homie there are plenty of opportunities for us to meet in the #twitterverse. We'll play this wknd.
Ditto RT : I think the hardest part of all of this is having the time & team to do this.
hm, I was strangely disappointed to find them.
You know a game in Houston has gotten out of hand when they start searching for Richie Sexson's dent on the flag pole.
Packing up our equipment for Re-Prom at tonight. Excited to help Huntington's Disease Society- WI chapter!
RT : listen to they will make u smile
You both should definitely come to #CovertTU!
I will be in town all of next week! Better see you!
in the 80's today. that's what im talking about. tank tops. shorts. summer music
what did you think of the fight?
Thank you for the mention, Jurgen Best wishes for the new year.
That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.
I feel bad for Derrick Rose and Iman Shumpert
idk you tell.
Why does the jersey shore kids cook at 3am? There's no del tacos in Miami??
The lion on narnia is god....say what??
Love #ESL, friendly, actually care abt the customer, I like credit union, free cking & they pay dividend
Ate at applebees last night for the first time in almost 6 years. Here's looking forward to 6 (or more) years before doing that again.
I may have said faster than ie7, but that's not saying much.
Panelists:US Army, Uber--twice, Stbucks, Coke, Pepsi, Uniglow, KLM, Disney, Muppets, Glee, Obama, great social media.
Im in ft lauderdale!! Whats poppin out here this week??
straight out
TGIF: $5 drink specials and $5 chicken tenders. Visit Theory for lunch or your after work stress relief. 11am-2am
#Bruins take the lead 3-2
last session on WWU's Viking Village online forum. Hoping for tips on our planned virtual Research Commons
I'm digging this ending to the Grammys.
#Christmas Cards are going out of stock fast but we still have some Assorted Xmas Card Sets that contain your favorites:...
I got hair shit lol I'm broke
yes, yes. Need y'all out here :-) a lot to ask, hope you guys do
Without cheating, who knows the name of Cheerios' bumble bee?
via funny JS hacks, the average bib record payload in our catalog is now half what it was; and fewer redirects. And I like the tags better
We agree! Ignacio's a gem.
I wondered about this point--who is choosing the selection of books on these tablets?
Thank you, IRW!
Homeward-bound for the holidays! Austin - here I come! Happy Holidays everyone!
This Friday #GrandPrixWeekend is gonna be too ILL! presented by
Congrats! Hard work pays off!
what's up Bro ? End of week go look at gym ?
Time keeps on ticking ticking ticking into the future... now its in your head yw
I had a lot going on the past few months but imma b down there dis weekend to c y'all did u have a baby shower already
Lol. Awesome how he won't let me see his phone. Obviously he's hiding something. #SketchyAsFuck! xD <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
you and me both Dave!
We'll see how it plays out.
i want the tivkets but my mom wont drive me !!!
I'm going to NYC this weekend :-D Dance partayyyyyy
thought you mentioned a florence and the machine concert
Dear Candice Olson - Can I pretty please come work with you and soak up some of your fabulous talent??? ;-)
There are iced muffins in one of the lounges at my hospital. Its taking all my self restraint to not sexually assault them
which room?
You lie. And what's worse, you lie right to my Twitter face. Which has a kitty! For shame, Gizmo.
A throw of the dice will never abolish chance.
True true, love you guys <33333
A big shoutout to ! Thanks, my 997th follower! It means so much :]!
you do the most wonderful humanitarian work, a definite inspiration. Just something I had to say out loud in a tweet.
just played some GC...despite having action replay issues
QOTD: “But what are we doing that would require socks?”
cuz I have chips and salsa in my mouth
Janel did you try to call us fags?
#WITI #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of disabled elderly man
WORD!!! Their workout pants are an instant booty lift!
what's Jared and savannah's YouTube?
Lol word I gotta go visit her and shit
i love how you're always there and you mean so much to me, i DONT regret meeting you not one bit because your're so special.
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!
thanks Team Nikkiya
Another fight I didnt get to see xc
What happened to the B1G-Pac 12 non-con football challenge? We can't get this to start by 2014?
Is tomorrow jean day?
I crossed everything on my to-do list off...Guess who has a free Friday night?!?!
hahah. That was my spot!
: wow! That is so cool of you! Thank you so much!! <3
Or just Two?
While everyone else is celebrating the end of the academic year I'm smack in the middle of spring quarter. Still have love 4 qtr system tho.
Welcome back to campus for the first day of Spring 2012 classes. Remember the pinpoint map of your class schedule is available in myUW
1.1 million — The number of foreign tourists who visited Chicago in 2010. The city ranked 10th overall, while L.A. (8.5 million) was No. 1.
I love Les Halles downtown.
Nice! 10 pm sharp! at Hotel Cafe in Hollywood. Hopefully you can come. It's my birthday show. Be sure to say hi if you come
NF latte for me all day every day :)
Yes mine is higher waisted as well, well if u r not totally in love with it then it'll find a new home :)
Paul, for some reason, I seldom get down. Been fighting a long, long time & still laugh my ass off every day...
Slow Jams 🎶
You will never leave where you are, until you decide where you’d rather be.” ~Dexter Yager
Would love to pick your brain sometime soon if you ever have a few extra minutes.
I realized that after I posted it! His facial expression really makes the photo.
Heading to Dville in the morning to see my all time fav UK player! here we come! Can't wait!! #bright&early
Seasons change...goodbye baby greens, well almost...asurption by an eggplant!!
yeah man that's really all I could do... And it worked.
yayayaayayayayay! might to for a walk with my bestfriend (:
it's nice to work through logic in the process of tweeting. Truly a therapeutic and productive medium
Dom def asked me what channel the hannah montana movie was on. Hahaha <3
Easy...make me the winner! Less work for you!
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists must create a team!
I'm bored lol
Thanks for the follow -- I've been spending too much time thinking about the past of journalism.
I know the feeling
that shit goes hard
1st bike ride since December. Chain and gears totally rusty, required toothbrushing and lubing, then pannier hook wrapped around hub. [+]
Reminder 2 ArtFile users - verify the identity of potential art buyers & be wary of ne1 who wants u to pay $ so that they can buy your work.
so old indeed. But they've still got it! :D
Damn. Site crashed and already got a top-tier backer. Thanks, y'all.
Who the fuck said that?
“: ”did you at least make sure your food was not still alive before ?
yeah...I don't know about that
Love :) RT : truthRT : but Lou Williams swag is unstoppable
Awh not anymore doe.
Let the Holy Spirit speak to you about your choices--past, present and future--and His plans for you.
Chicks always complaining about not being able to find a good man.. Bitch lower your high ass standards then!
My favorite boosie song to this day is "Keep Out off The Safty" go look it up its on Lil Boosianna 4
I'm really getting tired of Adele
I still LOVED ITT!!!
#adobe #cq5 needs to expand their training past the websites, DAM and security tabs. Learning so much about #tags today
Morning Rockstars! > You cannot plough a field by turning it over in your mind. - Author Unknown
We'd like to thank for the delicious food and impeccable service in catering this week's #TBRI training.
Andy Russell - game starts here & ends there; toy is open-ended. #app challenge panel all designed "toys"
Day 2, still raining, still need more coffee.
About 40 talented actors at this table read. Nice.
Gihan, "We are here to turn around the fear. We have unleashed a tool called Turbovote."
@ legislative hall now :) here we go!
can I borrow the first book of Game of Thrones from you?
happy friday!!!
What!! How did I miss the new season of #badgirlsclub starting tonight?!
oh just Vivisimo's acquisition by IBM perhaps?
Library robot tour this Thursday (and every 3rd Thursday) at 3:00. RooBot tours convene at 1st floor service desk, Miller Nichols Library
I love Katy Perry, for real..songs are amazing
Met made my day, no my year! thnx for making this the best day ever!
Green Gardens is workin with some legit OG's, gonna hit this Abusive OG, get super irie and crash out!!!
I'm not demanding but #Ijs I got some meat on me, you need some muscle on you! When I throw it back you need to catch it not fall
Lol of course ! :)
Dave, the #qcbf is right up your alley.
Uhm okay nah , creepy :o
I know - - I was telling to look at vsnap video messaging too
Thanks, Jennifer!
Please do. That would be immensely helpful to many. It's always a good thing to learn other people's workflow. /cc
I'm good just finished watching Rango😄 How are you?(:
Thank you RT (:": ": Last track meet of the season." Good luck (:"
Perhaps he's a brewer?
Damn is so beautiful!!:)
The drunk txts I'm receiving tn are priceless
We're tweeting live today with from the ediscovery CLE w/Judges Facciola, Grimm, and Peck in Charlotte NC #ediscovery ^BM
Any #thesiswp folks know if you can filter body classes based on the site layout selected (or column order) in Thesis design options?
Mid-week hustle, make it count!
wow, that is schweeeeeeet. I want.
Force is all-conquering, but its victories are short-lived.
Happy anniversary man! Been a lifelong fan of the pack, and it's so awesome my wife and I celebrate 1 year tomm. Get a RT?
Celebrating my 30th birthday in style. Wishes for the next year: healthy, happiness, prosperity, and lottsa love in my life.
Mrs. Pacman, The greatest prostitute in history. For 25 cents, she would swallowed balls until she died.
did you throw it down on the floor when you were finished and demand another?
♀The more you hide your feelings, The more they show. The more you deny your feelings, The more they grow♀
I'd go with "strikes your fancy."
hey bitch
Do you not care...or are you avoiding this?
Thanks for the retweet!
very cool. I'm enjoying your #bourbonarchivist tweets!
eww the fuck she needs to pull those pants up & get her ass off tht guy shes looks a bit trashy
And you knows what i believe in the #Pacers that much that i could see them taking this in 5 we have to much talent not to......
The best theater deal in Denver-$10 Thursdays is back for Casual Encounters/Missed Connections! Come see original live comedy for just...
I like fun reads! Thanks for these blips of info.
Looking for a little laughter to shake away those rainy day blues? We've got your cure!
Persistent, yes. Thin skin? You really don't know me that well. Actually, not at all. Hey, BTW, what's a "Liberal"?
LOL. She KILT it!
I wonder what Phineas & Ferb is doing tonight??
Live Life Till The Fullest, Cause You Never Really Know What You Got, Till It's Gone.
Bleu cheese, really good gin and tonics, and my kitties, Gemme and Ciao, are particular passions of mine
Any recommendations for a good cloths dryer? gives me prices, but I want to know if I am buying good value
i am in columbus for work and won't be able to meet up this weekend :) <<< frowny face
i seriously need new friends, non fake ones preferably . & ones who live in California (: lmfao
Yeah unless u beat the smart outa him.
Thanks Steve! Hype-ie Hump Day! Hope your week is going well.
I hate when I send the text message to the wrong person
Heck yeah.
i'm sick...and badly sick, remember?! lo siento I'll be back tomorrow
I want some more hot cheetos :(
“: “: I'm not drivin u gotta bring it” ok sis I'm fina hit ya...”/😘cool thanks bring ASAP
Disadvantage 6 of having a #deskjob: all this "busy-ness" doesn't seem to be turning into "business"
has a cartilage piercing.. That makes me so jealous, lol.
is trending now obviously because his amazing and its his birthday but i mean when isnt he amazing so wish him best wishes♥
i really don't think the beatles are all that good..
student group at Nevada is officially started! Thanks to for serving as our first president. DM if you'd like to be involved.
Really nice to hear the prince doing the weather cast. Thanks for airing it :)
What is your favorite part of staying in a hotel??? Share with us!
and i always turn in everything on time and my mom is going to kill me. I have been so busy with so many other things.
Got out of school early? FWM. =D haha
Are you going to make it to PyCon?!
awesome!That weirdness happened to me yesterday 's workshop. Guy next to me had my twitter profile up and I didn't know
- Yeah, I put "not an actual butcher" in my bio because I was getting a lot of follows from meat-type people. Which is fine
I love it when one of the cat starts whining and the bird responds with "Shut up!"
haha or when you have someone in speaker and your with someone and they say something about u emmbarasing xD
tThe groundhog or the handler?
‘Expendables 2′ Trailer Preview, Hosted by Terry Crews
Lisa Pavelka Silver Dog Bone Bezel Setting, Nickel and Lead Free, 1 ″
kidspiration is a great tool for this
did you see btr! tell me bout that:D
Only 16% of ppl go to actual brand pages on Facebook. Most views are in news feed and ads.
I got a meeting already scheduled for today, dm me your number though we can talk more
SO MANY OLD SONGS ARE GOING ON PANDORA RIGHT NOW OHMYYYGODDDD
management in apartment buildings should be sent to "courtesy & realism school" oh my flippin' heck !!!, how much? for what? don't you care?
'at least' sounds right -- sorting out competing wishes for requirements seems part of the reason for the mix
It was not me.
Almost had a stroke! Tried to update the entire new website at once and it just reverted back to the old site. It looks fixed now though
You love our crab cakes? Thank you!!! Do you enjoy them in one of our restaurants, or do you buy them in the grocery store?
RT : doesn't F5 work in firefox? Yup, just tried it. THANK YOU!
Thank you
i like that criss cross thing he did yes cant wait till the billboard awards
then find where it says <body> then copy and paste the code under the body
Went past the Fermilab a zillion times in Batavia but never knew what was going on there until I watched PBS' "The Atom Smashers" tonight.
"I wish I had an interracial family" -Rube Sheeber
Alpha is going well! New functionality coming today: file-sharing, pending connection requests, and adding a photo to your group.
True Love.
Our Hoedown 2 is on April 20 and we’re already getting our country on! Listen to the winner of Best Country Song of 2012:...
That shit is dope! Yea I got sum in that lane. Gimme ur email and I can send a few n see if you like
I have sand in places no one has ever visited!!
Are you homy? RT this if you read it wrong....lol
8/16/2010 40 Top Marketers to Follow on Twitter Cool Marketing Stuff
My prediction: Prince to #cubs or #mariners, 8yrs, $180M.
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch The Office Online
SAME. my sister is at a party in jersey and im home and i LITERALLY CALLED HER AND NOW WERE LIKE SDGKBARSKJBGAKRSBGAKJ.
golic was getting a burger when #nd scored
Maybe Joe Biden was laying the groundwork for Obama's "evolution," instead of screwing up like everyone seems to think.
duh, everybody knows.. but I was really talking about (:
Open to any change. Could be great if managed well.
Designer Stephanie Young is amazing! She's on her way to the top..she remind me of Lauren Conrad.Pics up soon.
bout time! >8-)
SWAMP COOLER TIP: Place a couple of fans about to circulate the cool air from the cooler. ABQ call 719-217-8546 for maintenance!
I just finished a 13.4 mi run with a pace of 11'59"/mi and a time of 2:40:59 with Nike+ GPS.
Oh, okay! I still have the pen cap you gave me for my birthday. No, I'm just kidding. :P
he loves us. If he loved just our money he wouldn't do all the things he does for us now. & so what if he doesn't know we (c)
hi everybody I'm guest tweeter today for one clue on who I am? I love TMNT
I just finished the film, Hugo. Please do see it, if you ready have not.
NIGHTY NIGHT ALL MY PRETTIES!!!
Gee, you're so sweet...
Hey, check engine light, what seems to be the matter?
Pat Nixon, U.S. Pres. Nixon's wife, broke a longstanding dress code among first ladies when she became the first to wear pants in public.
The moment when you wake up in the worst mood ever.
Just may stop by #NEXT Generation at tonight
figures...I just called who I thought was an honest plumber..and all he wanted to talk about was how good I look - he's history
I've put up a new discussion and I'm looking forward to seeing your responses!
LMAO at my background on here...
WHAT? The German car maker Audi (part of VW) has bought the legendary Italian motorcycle brand #Ducati!
I am not pretty...
i hate workind part 2 is fiting 4 the broncos !!!! text me
Surrender &ebc to places in Vegas to check out and the good news is they are both at encore lasvegas nv! Only
What up Georgie Boy!
Any feedback on the iPhone from Verizon?
- glad they finally made it!!
And single women from New Jersey are just gross
Going to the game tonight- wish I could have made a "Welcome to the Stackhouse Era" shirt or "This is Stack's House
This fucking headache just keeps getting worse and worse
Dressing is a way of life.
The needs to end this losing streak at Great American Ballpark!
LoL He want all the attention. Gomez is like that with me, everytime I'm on he tries to get my attention by meowing or paws me. :)
Q: What happened to sharing links directly to Twitter when you add the link via bookmarklet?
Tampon explosion
Gonna run to Costco b4 Lakers game. If I don't return, know I was involved in tragic shopping cart disaster or ate a bad sample of cheese
that's great :)
Well that went horrible.
Just finished reading "The Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet". Would be great lit connection book for US history
Full as ever...work in a bit.
#TOPMUSIC North West based band, Our Day Remains are being touted as the next big thing....Music News' Dean Midas Maynard finds out more.
I agree!
If so, it might be worth translating their names into English. (Never assume English speakers also know French. :-P )
RT you dont think kuchley would be an as.drastic improvement at sam?>> No doubt. But not as important a position as impact safety
you shouldn't have to control either of them if they wanna be with you they'll be good girls :)
Its 7/11, which means FREE slurpies at seven-eleven today!!
emme know when you head this way :)
Just got the dvd of my last fight from on April 15th. Watching that makes me want to get back in the cage ASAP!
I would love to chat IRL this week. Let's plan on it!
I want to go to Washington DC so bad.
I know, it suckkksss >.<
I really have never been one who feels the need to be partnered up. I am not on some secret mission for a relationship. I'm happy solo
Rahsaan Patterson - Wines & Sprits - Feels Good
Two more days.
If you think A-Rod's a tool, he'll be relaxing on a beach by the first Detroit/Texas game instead of freezing on a baseball field.
Haircut-everyone there just a little to friendly. U thought I was famous or something
We are glad you have now! Let us know if we can do anything for you.
Matt Stafford is injured, the #Bears are playing defense, fall is here again, and all is right in the world.
I've been out of the loop here Please don't tell me I missed out on Bloody's with #bacon tonight
I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength :)
“Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.” --Thomas H. Huxley
holy shit bagel bites yes
LOL. I call twitter my crack cocaine.
why do lots of people think Oregon is only school he'd leave bsu for?
Back in business! LEGGO
I cannot wait 2 get my hands on 1 of those! :D
Goals convert vision into energy. When you write your goals down, you immediately start feeling the earth move under your feet.
yes! Old news, Chico.
Hey, hey, hey!!
I wonder if anyone thinks about me when they don't have to.
thanks Proud Knight!
I am really enjoying the 17yr Sherry oak, but I like to to drink around the range too. The 12 double wood is what I give as gifts.
#NAEP Science --8th Graders in science scored higher in 2011 scored higher as compared to 2009.
YAaYYYYYYYY!!!!!! I'm so happy you got it!! And SO happy you accepted!!! :)
Love your trio work...
OK. The neighbor's wind chimes might need to go suddenly missing.
Rubenfeld Synergy - Your body is the place where your emotions, thoughts, and memories live. It is the container of your life...
Wolfe and Monument Tuesday 11 to 2... stop by for lunch
Looked down at my car's mileage and it read exactly 79,000
well if we are going to sware bowdlerize...
That first webbie album was a
Will Ferrell is getting old, but getting funnier.
": "MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!" "What?" "Can you turn my light off?" Lmao this is so me xD
Rs Gold » Blog Archive » Easyly to create Runescape earnings For ...
I love your new video:) I have watched every single one:)<3
If you work hard enough everything is possible it's just the so called "Impossible" is harder to achieve
Did some time lapse shooting at my favorite location in Seattle - Gasworks Park - 3 shots in the can!
Enjoy the quiet then; life's challenge is to enjoy what is, and is to come. The Irish, of which NYC is full, are full of life.
lol i go to ur profile and i see that i dont follow you. i say " omgg im must follow her" so yeah haha<3
“: ... And keep your ears open for da podcast w 's Brian Nelson tomorrow!” it's br-Y-an!!!
We were just voted as the best fish sandwich in #Indy by Try 1 tonight while we play some live music for u.
all you are sons are very talented and i hope they will never give up!!!!!
Lord I just did one of the hardest things in my LIFE! I know he embarrassed cause I know I am but a MOMMA GOTTA DO WHAT A MOMMA GOTTA DO!
Coast guard heli, police boats by 520 high rises. What's happening??
cuz the way i see it youre all natural ;) i plan on getting shirts made so ima need models for the team soon
Increasing our bargaining strength is the key reason for #OneUnion because that is the foundation of ALL union protections.
Wish I had your positive belief system. Cruise sounds neat. NOT a god guy. Too much non-confirming data and see too much harm.
I really don't care for head so just lick it right quick n let me do you so I can fuck! LMAO
love love love :D
My hair is literally turning orange
If this wasn't a standing desk, it'd be a sleeping desk cc/
For your eye care, how do you know if you should see an ophthalmologist, optometrist, or optician? At Corrective Eye Center, our...
Whatsup ? I hope all is well for you this offseason. Big things next year!
How long do you think it took the committee to add "The" is the real question? Days? Weeks? I am really curious.
Serious talks with and Tim. >>
well, somebody needs to steel the bunny rabbit out of his hat!
you know sometimes i hate it when nothing goes right.. and it just keeps fucking up.. just one thing.
Heading on with at 1:30pm live from Amtrak on my way to NYC for #Caps/#Rangers Game 7!
You don't know what I'm gettin #KINGIN RT : lmao you ain't getting nothing ! :)
talk is cheap we need action players ! #Survivior strategic with a strong will to WIN !
GOSY up 40% from our alert this morning great call thanks to the editor
i want one wit dimples like and a body like
#69Factsaboutme 10. I have a The Devil Wears Prada bracelet.
Why you rippin' up plants, Anthony?
: of what? An eagle?
omfg Mark you went to the show at the studio at Webster hall? you def saw PCFH...I put them on your mixed tape =)
same here
paleo diet starts tomorrow
Just watched Nashville by made me want to cry. I miss Nashville so much!
A cloudy mind makes you feel it will rain forever
check out my book Detroit based lesbian female running an escort service! X click link on my page
You're right, Slennon Skarsgård. Sorry,
Hey #CBS renew #RulesOfEngagement already!
Single and broke im living the dream
Let's get those runs back !
Good Morning! I hope everyone is having a great day.
Sat. I was invited to a bar, and during last min. the orger had to change bars bec the first choice had been closed by the gob. Arg folks!
Omg, okay, I'll clean the rest of my room tomorrow. ㅠㅠ
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I love God, my Pug, and #Boston. I created and I'm looking for a new
He said don't worry everything is water proof!!! O_o
man, good to see ya'll as crew
*delaney in her sleep* Laney- Hey... Did they redecorate? Me- what? Laney- shut up, Im not on my DS. :D
Once again, my pendulum said that President Obama will be re-elected in November 2012. What does your pendulum say about that?
DONE and DONE!
that's great! I'll drop you a line next time a conference brings me out there. I hope the move goes as stress free as possible!
#Youh delegate of #Norway speak NOW at
follow me please :)
lol have fun!
Thank you for the follow
White Chocolate Mochas >>>
Why isn't Jessy plugging as a great way to track students' math progress and growth??? :)
The other day i was in a group with a girl that i really cannot stand, i was soo mad at my teacher for pairing us..all she did was complain
Back in hot, sweaty SoCal...for a week.
What does that mean for Gronkowski?
I hate when people are slow ugh
WHERE ARE YOU lolol RT : Long island I'm here! Hide and go seek time!
I'm too epic to fail ;)
My new short "RED-HANDED" premieres at El Cid Short Film Night Wed. October 5th. Doors open at 8. 4212 W. Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles 90029
Success= conquering six awesome miles when sleep is the only thing on your mind
We're out of goodbyes.
ACL special!! $150 for a set of 45 lashes! Book by October 3rd!!! Spray tans just 35 dollars!! (book before October 3rd)
fuuuuuck this sucks. I was gonna try an hit my bikini lines thurs...shit lol
Sounds like a nice way to spend a Saturday! Thanks for coming in!
- you would leave CO to come to Austin -excited 2 see u - & u likely need adult supervision now. Got disposable coffee cups!
thx. Do u have a reward if u make it?
I'll try to.
Problem is being unsafe, drinking and driving are necessities to survive watching a horse race.
Truth. RT : NikitaTMitchell #Scandal makes everything all better!!!!
Tutor Doctor New Mexico is now on Twitter. Follow us at
Paging Mr.Bolden. Find him Flacco
lmfao he plays one chord... sad that he kills two genres all by himself... jimmy hendrix and 2pac are rolling in their graves
Indeed my friend! ": The good Mr is enjoying the best day ever. Congrats!"
Thank you sir!
My mouth as oyster tweet
WOW!!! u so freakin lucky so wish i could go with u...
wedding weekend. Bunch of us are bound for somewhere this eve
hehe thanks for the most amazing day ever!!! i love you!!! :D i wish you didn't have to leave though. :(
lmaooo we was out here al night
Matt Mammosser is a junior at Joliet Catholic who plays football& was diagnosed with brain cancer help us trend
Hope you taped it! Would love to see it.
Food truck parade!
oh god. don't encourage guys to show their backsides. . . lol. and agreed on radio. stopped listening long ago. it's garbage.
Wine people: #Wintstock in Altamonte Springs has been postponed until Friday, April 27 because of bad weather predicted for tomorrow.
woodchuck is awful. They were doing you a favor! Haha
Congrats! You've won Kelly Clarkson tix! Direct message us with your name and phone number so we can give you info!
Silly. We're not SoSoCal. (Though that's a funny line for a Los Angeleno to steal from me.) SD + OC +LA are *all* SoCal.
if i called the radio station and got to talk to i would not no what to say...i would should like a idot :(
Wow! RT : #21JumpStreet is 87% Fresh on Rotten Tomatoes! It's out in theaters RIGHT NOW! Go see it!
Hey Brand Ambassador's! Check out
The rush to minimum viable product is a thrilling one. Highly recommended.
How many of you want to read some or many of my pendulum papers? I have posted them within my Yahoo Internet groups.
love that Elbow tune. Love.
This production is turning into an Oprah moment.
"Good Morning! Inner Quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."-JimmyScott Hamilton Have a great day!
where Lin go
dunno, I'm kinda diggin' the Sunday callback ;-)
To buy or not to buy, that is the question. At $38/share, is valued at $104B.
Dont let anyone bring you down! Keep shinning to the fullest!!
My new pizza and doughnut diet won't help you lose weight, but it will make you more pleasant to be around than if you were eating salads.
There are no gains without pains. - Benjamin Franklin
oooeee wait till u hear the NEW
going to lunch with Wanna join?
oh, and the washington humane society!
I think I'm going to finally make myself move fiction by genre, time to steal your signs:)
S/O to the new member of HTIDENT/STREET GANG/BLACK STAR PROMOTION
Well you wouldn't be if your mom didn't hate me because of you. :P
I think Haynesworth won that battle
Probably gonna choose to get my skateboard instead of having a birthday party, but things could change :P
Yeah, I think that's the "idea". Otherwise, management or "chief scientist"?
Just heard say "student debt is a symptom of a broken social contract". Should be a great show today
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
After watching a report on #Frontline re: opium debt child slave brides in Afghanistan, I withdraw my previous tweet.
RT: "Just want u to know I care to and I'm just a normal kid." Care to what?? Grammar, kid! C'mon, killin' me...
#Redskins #FF #Follow for all your skin news!
Good morning #SGGC. M!!!!!
January 15th @ Firestone.. Show starts @ 6. Contact us for tickets, 321 202 3911. Yea! Studio Journal coming soon!
Catch my article on a Mission Hills 2-on-1 lot remodel in feb '11 issue of SD Home/Garden--I use my pen name Tom Shess. Tnx.
alright best friend will do. N u gotta get rid of that metro
RT : Good luck to the Eagle Men's golf team this week at Nationals.... Go make some history fellas!
Not complaining..... But it's actually weird knowing I won't be going back to Kent.
I hope the girl I tried to save from getting an MIP, PI, DWI, or whatever made it home safely...she was gone!
we would be in control though, instead of buying it.. We grow it!
Percentage of my calories today that came from gin = a whole bunch. #ArtOfMixology class FTW!! (Blog coming this evening!!)
Seem to have blown out my good ear. It's that time of year, I guess.
-- Welcome to Twitter!
I think I hate every show the Food Network advertises.
Thanks so much! I hadn't seen it!
I am not a drunky! haha
Here are some perfect examples of what happens when you are "on the right track" but don't follow up and follow through:...
Kenzie is the best in all the lands!
Well, there goes my chemistry grade.....
OMG! God needs to step in!
2 sexyass tracks you should be listening to: 'numb' & 'camel' ( remix)
Starting next week we are beginning a Grill and Hang night with our life group @ our house,we'll provide the side dish & soft drinks.Join us
The average U.S. adult spends 65 min. per day on mobile media and 167 min. with the Internet, up 30 percent & 7.7 percent versus 2010.
BETSEY JOHNSON IS AT NORTH STAR MALL RIGHT NOW
Bears Win! 12-2, I think I saw a few more Cal fans than runs scored.
Sterling Silver Amber Celtic Love Knots Ring On Sale | Sterling ...
It's gonna be cool ! :)
AH UPLOAD FASTER...my audition for definition0fswag is taking legit FOREVER
he can't go to every city? He's already had a concert in NYC & It turned out well so he's going back.
Citizen Icon!!!
"Germany leads in the deployment/adoption of business social media"
For the 8th year Charity Navigator has given a 4-star rating. Only 1% of charities have received >=8 consecutive 4-star ratings!
good! And stop being so hard on yourself, trust me it doesnt end on a good note.
Just came home from Jon's concert. Best performer of the night was a December-born boy that looks like a 11yr old Harry Potter. Stunning!
Lmao Girl To Late
school til 11:01 tomorrow then going to king's island
I dare him to duke it out with Joe Giudice.
IsAnyOneUp has officially been shut down... but where will I find pics of fat tattooed naked girls.
That CAN'T be snow already... Have a picture? Twitpic it to us!
AT, I think you need to explain to Eli what priorities are.
"Why aren't librarians users of their own collections?" Thoughts? Feedback? Do you use your library/archive's collections?
good day!
Hey Madeline! We just sent you info about our new Chicago-based app, ! Looking forward to hearing back from you!
#andyroll Our LibraryYOU project to share local knowledge through videos and podcasts is cool.
oh yeah I'm down for sure ! Just thought you wanted to take someone else but I'm down dude!
The time when there is no one to feel sorry for you or cheer you is when a player is truly made. - Tim Duncan
@ #IABC seminar with talking video mktg & social media.
#IndySM Was #social46 able to interact in languages besides English?
i missed the austream today D:
Stupid ass stupid iTunes. I need you- but I hate you so.
S/O my family ...this summer is gonna b crazy....
Claude Giroux would've smashed that door open with his stick.
#NowWatching "Fantastic Voyage" on Fox Movie Channel. Made in 60's. Groundbreaking Special FX! Lol...was a favorite when I WAS A KID!
Make that money!!!
I like the idea of some connection. We're looking at the bureaucracy next week -- any link-up ideas re: that topic?
i like Captain America(" but thats rrreeaallyy good!! <21
I was surprised to see my college had a full page add in Newsweek…way to go #UNI!
:P ha
i love you so much you are so sweet plz RT RT
Moisturize from within! www.5StarFishOil.com
didn't watch it to be honest...
#Thethingis i really love unattractive stuck up females
I asked Fraser and he doesn't know either. Sorry!
oh, and come back already. there aren't enough classy people in Miami with the Schumis AWOL!
#Gators Colby Rhea scores bring #UF up to 23. #FresnoState has yet to score a single point.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! (: I HOPE IT'S A GOOD ONE(:
Happy Mother's Day to all the good and proud mothers out there. Its the perfect weather for y'all day. Enjoy
D has all the pics on his iPhone, will post soon. I got pics w/ everyone that attended, including all the FSD folks!
Great...now, instead of sleeping, I'll be awake thinking about this.
RANDOM STATUS UPDATE: Applesauce! That is all.
“: About to watch my brother in his new movie. #celebritysextape”
Tomorrow is Thursday (:
no school #HappyChristian /^.^/
Naptime. Lolo's was a feast.
Love is a strong word, easy to spell, difficult to define, but impossible to live without.
I'm pretty confident they will but anything can happen in hockey!
i was like scarred hahahaah it freaked me out
Ok. Put your ear up to a light bulb for about 30 seconds. THEN check your.
Same to you!
is in her office, tweeting. Lol
Thanks 2 all who stopped by #FCANAT11 booth #707 to visit We gave out 600 Chiro kits Try our FULL line of #Sombra products today!
I love when people have confidence in their products/ideas but it seems like so many are overconfident and miss the mark
The suspense waiting for to HOPEFULLY see my dm is killing me :( I hope he sees it <3
shit, i'll pay taxes on it if they wanna renovate my kitchen or whatever!
True...I could be you out on the I-8!
Political consultant: "It's not my job to tell you the truth, its my job to win." Mildly disappointing but refreshingly honest
computer, arch...Arch....ARCH!
HAPPY birthday, pep pep! Almost the same birthday as my gf <3
PHAME is honored to welcome back as an Event Sponsor for our June 23-24 production of "Willy Wonka!"
gotcha thank you! your help is appreciated!
Read and loved Tina Whittle's second mystery DARKER THAN ANY SHADOW, set in Atlanta, focused on competitive poetry slam
Today, my friend said "I can't tell if he's hipster, or homeless" MLINY
Hey, thanks!
Spilling coffee in your car on the way to work is a telling sign of the kind of day you will likely have
haha u read my mind!
Seriously. She NEVER sits & watches a whole movie and she hasn't moved once. I think there are subliminal messages or something.
I love how faked meter reading is "typical government" but the BoA robosigning thing is an aberration. All institutions are lazy & corrupt.
RT : Old buildings are not relics from the past, they are templates for the future.
Thank you for your generous mention!
Wow I thought biking was slow, but this bus... I got through all my email though.
discusses promises of moving the #infoneeds of communities forward
on my way to kings island (: #lighters-eminem&brunomars
It's about pride. Not drinking till you puke.
Take it to the limit one more time
So excited to see The Artist tomorrow at The Paris! Can't wait!!
I'm not going to say Los Angeles' success proves the advanced stats argument, partly because I think that argument has already been proven.
Can somebody tell me what to eat, the print is too small
ignoring existential and ontological questions, 100% agree. HuffPo deserves credit for their sleazy/helpful SEO efforts on this!
all bad 👎 you need to get yourself an iphone!
nm . talking about how bogus ppl are these days. youu?
God heals, and the doctor takes the fees. Benjamin Franklin
Pain may be the symptom but suicide doesnt end pain. Pain ripples to all the lives you have touched
... please PICK ME
And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else
I love it! Haha! I'm thinking about ordering the long sleve white tour shirt...how do you like it?
Sorry to hear! You should tell your neighborhood watch group about our site/app! Its designed to help in situations like that
80% of heart disease cases are preventable. Choose life today. Small steps make a big difference.
worst. thing. ever.
hey my sis are you on? :-)
Bissenger: what happened w/ Paterno and Penn State
I just went for a walk but still bored out ma mind
Its not even summer yet and I'm dark
I want a red tricycle. With the same kiddie proportions, just bigger. I mean it wouldn’t have to be that much bigger.
Sometimes ill search my head to find my dads voice nd I come up empty handed. It makes me wnna cry.Its really hard. I wish he was still here
Olivia is picking a fight with the President? Ooh whee, now!
like 99.5% of ur 22,000 tweets are the same,but tagging different people. Dude, that is some major
alot of what??
who is who in this photo?
okee... I've only had 2 grumps but not pleasant.
RT : Don't seek, don't search, don't ask, don't knock, don't demand - relax. If you relax, it comes. Osho
thank you Gaby love ya <3
Thanks! I just turned it on. Rising tuition is a growing concern among #GenY because the ROI isn't what it used to be.
can you spend more time taking care of your child instead of flaunting yourself and flirting w boys 24/7 on fb? thanks!
The bbq was so fun yesterday I can't believe I pulled it together last min. Thanks to all that came I really enjoyed ya.
I mean... I might even get it myself. Lol
so true! I have more than one favorite now! Arie, Ryan and the guy with the first impression rose!
#Tweet #SweetStuff! Get yourself a great complextion using starter kits. Glow with us.
Our caramel is gluten- free. Come visit us at Farragut Square today with DC101!
PLS FOLLOW ME JUSTIN
Enough with the labels already, we need to move forward with an agenda for our community. re: Hispanic vs Latino label
Done with my freshman year of college. Praise the Lord.
YES! RT : Ron Worth asks: ...do you find competition intense, limited resources/time, need to do more w/ less dollars?
great aunt carol
Cam Newton? Really? WTF?
RT : Don't work with just anyone, value what you're building, keep it exclusive.
you'll see something very odd!
Thanks youse. Miss you guys!
wow... That's messed up...
Done with leftovers? Recovered from Black Fri.& Cyber Mon.? Our turkeys survived too. Read about them in Fran's blog postiing!...
#orioles third base coach has been about 100 percent this year on sending guys. Has he gotten anyone thrown out at home?
go to DD
Thanks for all the RTs!
plzzz follow me i love u and austin u guys r amazing :) plzz follow me
Sometimes Counter Transference Can Be O.K….Especially If She’s Hot..
Definitely different times. But I'm always game to improve upon skills and step to challenges!
Set up your phone so you can tweet via SMS by texting to 40404. Critical in emergencies.
I've realized that there are a lot of baseball players with my stature. That pushes me to work harder to make sure that there is only one me
nothing like two sexy women getting down
hoos the genius tht calld this website twitter and tweets?
mac and cheese is an all the time food.
If it weren't for and my wife, I'd pretty much be talking to myself. Yes, you can follow him, too.
Thanks!! :) We appreciate the follow too!!
just remebered why i forgot why i blocked out the earth song video by Michael Jackson. the dead elephants def marred by 9 y.o. mind lol
Alright we need to get into modeling. Why are you so hot sissy??
I miss I wonder who she is hustling right about now.
Happy Mother's Day!
Go green! Try printing only when necessary.
I'm at office :) I really happy to come back here :) !!!
can't wait for the ustream! remember,
TYSM,Barbara! I love her work too!
I see..now how does this make you feel?
Vegan pepper jack sounds fantastic! Do you know where you can buy it? I haven't seen it anywhere.
thx for the shout! Crazy timing - we are going to be on Sirius/XM's Live Audio Wrestling w/ Lex at the same time on Sunday!
Even with heavy spring rain, the RRV definitely looked and smelled beautiful.
Welcome to #wpac! Thank you for your support!
I've never been!! I should go the next time I'm in town!
Cranking away on Preserve America Grant due Friday. Is their anyone in the DC Office to receive it?
Your words are full of lies.
Runner's knee sucks! :( forced to do a modified workout again... guess it's just me, an icepack & HBO tonight. love #gameofthrones &
Helping my friend get noticed by Justin Bieber....✌
Taco Tuesday is on! Featuring Oscar's Asada!!!
Cool. Thanks!
what type of name would you give the bad gay ppl?
Enjoyed meeting last night. Thanks for sharing your ideas and plans.
Big thanks to & for the RT on our most recent Aquarama interview!!
doin good! how bout u bruh?
just returned from wonderful relaxing weekend at Marine on St Croix. It's been so long since I relaxed.
“: just watched a youtube vid of you your good :-)”Thanks
Sometimes we expect more from others because we?d be willing to do that much for them.
I understand how it looks, but Jon Jones isn't the first fighter the #UFC has sponsored. However, I disagree with the practice in general.
Hello Muthafuckas .. Hey .. Hi .. How Ya Durin' !!.
Take a minute to see our latest #eyetracking solutions at the SMI booth 25 at
Working in Austin, Texas at the Barton Creek Resort & Spa
do yourself a favor and watch now. You'll learn a lot, like how to properly pine after people, etc...
Heard they are trying to work their way into the field hockey world too. so may argue its not an "action" sport. I beg to differ
Lots of fireflies!
Thanks Cass...going against one of the best players in the USA today. It will be a great challenge for me.
Bush INT in SB. Good special teamer.
An opera dress should be arranged more for contrast with a crowd, than with reference to the individual taste. (1850)
cooking my famous Mexican rice
Currently where this man is singing and playing guitar badly.
Cramps be killing a sister :/
hahahaha ikr! We crack each other up 😉
check out this story on about one of our favorite volunteers and FRIENDS, Deshe' Gully! we love you, deshe'!
You are watching this week's YOBISing finalists, Ania Hardy and Richie Ruggiero. Congrats to you both!
Congrats on getting to follow you :D WE(Mahomies) all knew that day would be VERY soon :)
Luke warm
Apple customer service is simply the best.
If that's an allusion to the Trail of Tears, I might have to slap you
so happy the jet lag is wearing off, feeling human again...
Getting all my notes together from #HOWidc I have a lot of work to do but
nothing against Portland Creative List, but the inquiries I receive via this channel are often poorly constructed and a waste of time
love they way u lie
Thanks, Cheryl!!!
The winner here may be , who successfully resisted calls for his hair before game 5. Way to fight superstition, sir.
Will you have a native German speaker there to make sure people say the "ch" sound correctly?
just once?
Haha! I like what you did there... ref:
please come back
Mother's Day Supper at Lincoln, call for a reservation!
Thank you Mr Wickus! :) x
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 46
Promoting CFR propaganda for corporate takeover of the worlds food supply in the name of "feeding the hungry"? Shameful. Goodbye.
Win ! Thats a nice rarity..... Now hoping for a and #Terps win for the evening !!
well lucky for you i didnt disclose your full name ;) haha jk jk
would love to know what you have coming in the near future. Would love to have a chance to audition please keep me postGodbles
odd-hour birds
What restaurant did you go to?
You know you've watched too much Harry Potter when you hear whispering and immediately think, "Sounds like Parseltongue."
Makes me want to send 3AM text-all: Weather all clear!
Who are u hearing the rams are getting
just went crazy and followed all the real housewives i could from
where's all this hate coming from?
As a huge fan of MMA I am amazed at the skill, grace and strength of Ice Skaters.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN !?<3 it would make all my dreams come true!:D
July 2012 -- our wedding opportunity of a lifetime. Killarney, Ireland. Feeling extremely LUCKY to document this story :)
same ole' same ole', weird pets, babies laughing and lots of time consuming garbaggeeee
I need some ideas on what to do on my Birthday Friday, March 23. Any suggestions?
Taco bell <3
I believe the Lakers may be a bit tired tonight but I expect OKC to be rusty.
i will follow you if you follow me :)
Yea buddy #aye RT : u in NYC?? I haven't seen U in a min
Exciting News! Metro Station will be performing at CityWalk on 12/8 with special guest, !
They are charming boys! RT : " are so popular that another director is skipping the screening of his own film."
yup yup
Gitelman wants to look at leaflets stapled to utility poles as anarchic cultural products but also as electronic communications.
please help reign in OReilly! His gas diatribe is awful economics and pandering at its worst. He is far better than this.
where u at?
Antioch Communion worship service - This Do. A great day to be alive.
Hey guys what's up?!(:
Will do! Help spread the word!
Happy Birthday Jason and Sarah. <3
I find creativity difficult and irresponsibility easy but always regrettable.
Enjoyed an AMAZING performance from Zodiaque Dance Company this weekend. Congratulations on a great show, !!
My dog has been in one of those things off and on for like 2 months! so sad..what happened?
Chex Mix, Diet Coke. You?
Comcast doesn't have it - feel free to tweet the score once in awhile :0)
124 days, three hours.
Thanks! How was your Mothers day?
goodmorning! starting the day with Aerobics class :) y'all have a great day
But i texted . Just on lock down now you trying to act like you aint get it
See you soon!
I wuv you
Being relentless is what separates the legendary from the good.
I feel like going for a run rn or s/t, feel so fat and full and disgusting from one bowl of ramen
cool! Pop culture blog!
you kill me, and yes I know who your cuddle buddy is :))
- well hello there :)
You're beautiful.
who's ready for ustream?
Anyone else going to the A's game?
Great Stuff by on the way next. Future of a college football playoff. NWST right now! KONG 6/16 at 11pm.
Helping a cougar out
Besides Animal Hoarders....that doesn't count.
oh, kinky! how tight is it?
why are my lips so chapped.
And am I trippin or was polow da Don in Jim crow??
Sago palms ("palmlets") for sale at Tudor Place, today! Get there by 4 for this and FREE ENTRY to our gardens.
Delicious! RT : Just had an AMAZING lobster roll for lunch from and paid with and got $2 off! woo-hoo
i'm going shopping wbu? :)
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on drug charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
follow back <3?
HE'S the creeper. not me!
With every +K on penguins, gets a little stronger. That shit is powerful. Help the cause.
And the AAPL market marches on. They are driving the shorts crazy. We put out another 10% short line on the close.
#help! hates me for saying baseball W wasnt a big deal. I like him on KSR and thought he could BS. #guess not
yes, I have been back for 3 months,
like in the ED/hospital? or is "triage specialist" another ego-enhancing label for primary care?
On a webinar RE social media. So depressing not being able to utilize social media the way we should! Why do I sign up for these things?
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever. ((:
Getting a goat with your book is such a bonus! They're so cute.
Name another Item could replace w/the baseball in his campaign logo since he never played
Some call it swagger. I call it walking.
About to entertain some kids at the "Once Upon a Time" event for the St. Lukes Foundation.
Hahahaha! My thoughts exactly!
Ah so yeah go to the down arrow next to the home button then over on the side you'll see notifications click on that.
do you see santorum as a viable candidate? Does this guy really have a chance outside of Iowa?
Put the gun down, sweetie.
Can't watch the #padres because there's apparently no tv deal. I have &t which sucks.
It's that simple, right?
These stupid surveys suck
How you gone wanna watch my house but not stay on my block
holla he works the #PopHour and if ya available come see what ya can cook up..
A man shouldn't want a girlfriend he should want a wife & a woman shouldn't want a boyfriend she should want a husband.
lol what season was that? My childhood thirst was at an all time level
you look real good wendy
#Meryl (love ur name) Wears gold & wins! She wore gold when she won last time. Congrats!
Yay I got a new lamp, mirror, and bag ^_^
It would be awesome if you offered a redbox rewards program! I can't find free rental codes anywhere....
Thanks Matthew. Wishing you a great 2012!
Lol no c'mon feel free to share! How's school? =p
Passed 2,000 followers!!!! Thank you all <3 This makes me smile =)
anyone ever baked a cake coated in sprinkles? is it hard?
Hate it when people hashtag things in the #middle of sentences
RT : As Google continues to expand its presence in New York, the company is making employees feel more at home -...
Jump on it jump on it
Interesting mix of ballet and contemporary from a dancer I'm pretty sure we've seen before.
loss of my respect NP!!
If your workout doesn't feel challenging then don't expect it to change your body.
Can you please give status of Philadelphia- whole family is there, and i can't be. maybe Medford, NJ (my house)
's interview w/ in St. Louis will be up this week. Will he be returning to Nickelodeon? You'll know soon!
if you have ever bought the contents of one you would understand... :-)
that commercial is so epic bc of how he says it.
An early #FF to my #Stabile12 running mates and soon-to-be grads &
i would like to thank #extraspacestorage for the help yesterday...i can enjoy the holidays somewhat better now.
Spam in my mentions.
"She said keep both feet on the floor next time.... WHAT WAS I FLYING?!"
actually, I have no doubt that is true. cc:
Brought to you Courtesy of the Red White and Blue, Happy Memorial Day!
Please help me get invited to the #HootFest in July! Just recommend me to and/or . Thanks guys!(:
I would be absolutely lost if did not exist .. I LOVE THEM SO MUCH<3!!!!! TEAM MINDLESS FOREVER
Hey, just found the original message here. Beach House? For reals?
Don't act like I never told ya.
you can text if you wanna talk... 😉 I know them lady hormones are kickin in!
"Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself."
lol! U don't know nothing. :-p
i hate jagr. i hope chara steps on him.
I think I know what you're talking about!!! hahaha!
LeBron doesn't fit the traditional bball notions well enough. Rondo falls into the romantic ideal of PGs too well.
RT Who's in #VEGAS & ready to party? #IndustryNight tonight w/ in Main Room / on the terrace
gonna watch Captain America with the siblings :P
I tweet quality not quantity!
I was cruising the Nordstrom site and just can't believe women would pay top dollar for some of those travesties.
Precisely! RT : thanks but if I did npc every year I might go gray and be too well known at my local beer market.
Monsters Player transaction update: D Kyle Haines has been released; #10 C Ryan Harrison has signed with the team
Ugh came home to a stuffy apartment. It's spring now. We're in Texas.
I am just now reviewing NSF apps. You are in my pile if you are still looking for feedback. Let me know/send new version?
Sparky going do this. Just feel a big upset today.
Enjoying at #KMLECountryThunder. Excited for & tonight!!!
What's Up
Reporting that the "prescription drugs" Ibuprofen and Midol were found in Whitney Houston's suite isn't investigative.
I'll be back maybe later! Have to fix something! And waiting for to come online and chat with her! </3
gr8 ways to use Video in Recruitment: 1> Employer Branding (YTube) 2> Assessment ( etc) 3> Communication (HangOuts etc)
Mario Kart and old music? This is amazing. :D
Tue Morn: feeling refreshed.........
.. RT : We need some pretty bitches on the cheer leading team
so um guess what... I forgot my phone and I don't have to test today...
Hey, chestt! How are you?!
Hah. Then again, I'm not sure it would be bad thing.
Cheryl Burke and Chad Ochocinco -- Walking with the Stars
You are so lucky, my dream is to go to Canada!!!:)
Described as "Woody Allen doing vaudeville," COBO welcomes Thursday. Come by for a hit of the good stuff!
Apparently there was an attempt to recreate Malmo as well. (learning good things here #cdp21)
Indeed, my whole bedroom is in brown and green.
(3/3) 4) Washington DC 5) Atlanta, GA. Honorable mentions Destin, FL and Chicago, IL
Looking at weekend library hours & wishing I had opened that late night library that serves alcohol when I first thought of it...
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause Your never gone change...
Morning mood :( Sleepy..only 3hours of sleep
Read it earlier, it is fantastic!!!
: thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your amazing tweets.
#Fact it takes zero muscles to not give a fuck.
money tight I'm on for the week!
Can you go by that .700 OPS with him not having as many at bats as the other players?
Awesome! That was quick! Can't wait to start brainstorming with the group!
12 days of Tebow- 12 lineman missing, 11 announcers piping down, 10 lords that love him, 9 models waiting, 8 made another win, 7 in a row
Testing it out right now. I'll let you know how it goes.
Dex: ~• <<----- Picture of me when I was younger, I was so cute! Me: 0_o
"I start to cry, you kiss my eye and say I'm not allowed to..." 💔
I always love Monday mornings. The only day I get to lay in bed until I want to get up!
On my way to NYC Church :)
Brieber is going to have a CRAZY story to tell in homeroom on Monday.
Remember yesterday but let it go, think about tomorrow and set your goals.. but live in the now, don't wish it away.Today counts.
“: life is too short to be anything but happy, even if it means being happy alone.” <<<
wanna follow me back? Please!
I thought women are independant and don't need a man to do anything for them, because ladies can do things themselves : )
looking forward to the 1st #plpnetwork synchronous chat
We want to thank everyone who has been supporting us and sticking with us during the development stages. We are now moving into live testing
I dont think anyone expect Randi the Ringer Raslack to be so dominant
das me dude.
Retweet Your #1 asian fan right here! (:
How would you guarantee privacy?
And that was the first time I've ever turned over my Twitter to someone else.
Just saw a girl take a self pic of her duck face at the pool. I will drown her later. Stop the madness.
But to be fair, the SM81s sounded good on piano; they're just bigger/bulkier and not *quite* as open sounding. (Less $$ too.)
you silly I don't discriminate : Grabs tannin lotion and plots next island trip* july Dominican it is....taxi
Wonderful feeling. Wonderful day. “: 💤ippidee-do-da, 💤ippideeay, my-o-my what a Mother's Day.. #zipline”
Refresh the page & restart the memories, respark the soul & rebuild the energy.
it's all i can do to resist bellowing "wine-dark sea!" and some Whitman right in the middle of class -
What happened?!
Oh how easily, and completely one forgets the ghettofabulousness redneckishness of Huntsville
After driving around Meridian, MS for an hr following the show I can say there are ONLY 2 spots open: Waffle House & wendys
beautiful. Oregon coast?
Who in NYc wants to roll to see the Avengers on Friday?
We are playing a show in copley ohio tonight. Come hang out with us!!!
No matter how you say it: seconded.
Thought you might be interested but some friends and I are going on a ghost hunt at that asylm in Seattle that TAPS went to
Lmao! No sir! Not at all!!!
My cousin made them & I had leftover glaze from the coffee cake for Mothers' Day brunch.
everybody loves a Wisconsin girl!
Thanks! Love your flow. Diggin' "Poetry in March"! Where you guys at? Don't forget us :)
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, For the LORD your God is the one who goes with you to fight for you against your enemies to give...
We heard great things about the Mountain View Mayhem team, nice job guys!
You need to take some of that medicine!
RT FRI MAY 25TH ITS THE "ADIDAS" PARTY @ THE GALLERY LOUNGE IN THE "BX" FT N MORE DJAYING B
I am so happy to hear that you like it!
On the way to the gym.... (with one eye open)
PM is not well enough 2 start as head QB it was just 2 boost ticket sale and 4 the big agent paid off!!
Change in education not about iPad apps, but engaging the kids - Kalimah Priforce, Qeyno Labs
missing #Midnite-spending the night in grant deadline hell, while watching Ip Man yet again (so many times that my Cantonese is strong, son)
I don't usually hit the "post score" button but apparently the slight rocking #JCCC2 world tilt put me in the zone tonight
Ugh! Im ready to leave now!
morning :] how are you?
& that show "the voice" was so annoying I'm glad it's over
#smallfryarmy sorry I haven't tweeted! Let's talk xoxo tweet me! Rt
we r having a blast
Everyone fucking calm your tits.
My mom is amazing!
Dedications are due TONIGHT!
I'm BETTER than yo favorite rapper.lol but
getting you'r teacher to play boyfriend .. hmm SCORE ! I love this song , i will never get tired of it . Love you justin (:
i want to be wherever you're at in your picture
Good Morning and ! Thank you for the follow, my dears.
Snowless snow day got you confused and not wanting to go out? We'll be delivering all day, just give us a little extra time.
If one death in the family can't get me to #SB46, I'll consider murdering a relative. Any suggestions?
You're very welcome! Please keep the great articles coming!
Anti social
Going to lunch with my parents. Happy Sunday!
US Sen. Kay Hagan at ETS/CGS forum: Not enough people w/ advanced skills, graduate degrees to fill jobs in parts of NC, US.
Two days with no Internet due to BT outage in my area. #btfail has forced me into the crappiest Cafe Nero in the city full of screaming kids
Angry birds!
I'm not a very good writer, but I'm an excellent rewriter. - James Michener
dude, don't have time for you to be so suckish...
“No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you - life”
Hold on, we're sending about 100 a day
Can my City Council pass a law that lets me throw eggs at the Mayor every time he says something stupid? And bring me 100 eggs a day?
Some people really need to grow up! If a dude don't want to be with then move the fuck on!
We take our ability to read so much for granted! Unimaginable, what we'd miss, how narrow, threadbare, our lives would be without reading.
I may need special computer glasses...
So....who's in Chicago and wants to house me Monday night? #please #lastminchangeofplans #<3
I just tuned in to one of their videos now a bitch is late...smh lol
I LOVE Forever and Always :)
work is great! Skype whenever you are around, tonight my time?
truly hope next season finds people who don't feel entitled like #BL13. Lost my desire to watch, but want it back!
you make me giggle constantly. I love the people on the couch watching the sunset. So sweet.
The next person to ask me why I'm wearing "Flyers Orange" is gonna get a pencil up their ass.
Remember when the Heat were the "Road Warriors?"
It's messy Monday! Where is the messiest spot in your business?
Does Blackmon know Larry Fitzgerald is in the house? Certainly seems like it
RT : The 2014 Game will be held in New Orleans. Watch the press conference at 4:30pm/et on
Scariest thing of my life just happened. :(
Thank you for sharing this! Bree has done a great deal of volunteer work for #RISD, and is a very talented artist.
yeah I should probably start by using it and move up to making stuff when I'm ready. I want to make a blog, too. Eep!
The way Wolf said that made it seem like Texas was not going share the longest border with Mexico in the future... lol
Saw the tweet, so you and got me anxiously waiting... As my boy would say, "Un-tuck the hot!!!" (i.e., share the heat)
At age 2, E. decided she doesn't want me to sing in the car. Kid has 14 years of heartbreak & agony before she gets her own damn license.
Yes. Good info that crosses industries too. Applies to health care & privacy.
dear lord of all things holy
i love finding things i have been looking for for months.
Yes! Presenting on experimental narrative Fri and talking about my book with Jaded Ibis authors Sat. Would love to connect.
Audience Q: Have any of Judy Garland's family seen the show? #SUinNYCTheater cast members don't believe they have
Well shit. I forgot to do my stats homework last night. Good thing she drops our two lowest scores.
Great #Michigan shout out during by .
Got her bein lowkey my bros always blessing the bitches dat is...
Acoustic instruments are pointless.
if you dont follow me im telling ur mom!(:
Gotta get this day started
Great time on the #TakomaPark house tour this afternoon. I love the fact that TP houses are mostly shown in their natural, lived-in state.
Solo lunch with Achebe's THINGS FALL APART, lovely!
I know! yesterday we had to write a product review and I just used material from my blog :P hehe
From 285 to 288, he fought against Germanic tribes along the Rhine frontier
Now your at one of my fav places tonight! I didn't make it this trip.
"Jazz is an eternal mission that transcends all strategy and all intelligence." - Wayne Shorter
Children's museum of manhattan also integrates text for adults into exhibitions - what a great approach to engaging everyone
Pres Obama will be on May 15th.. Lizbeth is so irritating!
Jus dropped off my babe . Tell me why i miss her already ://
Much better than my spy vending machine lady.
yeah when I witnessed that, I was like seriously?
bigger question for the skipper. Is he ready for the old guys in two weeks? haha
don't settle for mediocrity! Be remarkable! Be Fearless and the rest will come!
7 < 10 Go get your cereal.
doing shows in out of town . Whats bin up with you holla at me babi gurl.
Very cool and cute episode of
txt me!
THE WHOLE CD FAM
Isn't this story amazing?
good on you. This is what #OccupySD should do--denounce flag burning assholes
Happy bday to my little sister brenda I love you !
APRIL! I haven't talked to you FOREVER! <3
Is the radio ever going to stop playing gotye?
Current hosts include Sandusky Library and Lorain County Community College. Westerville will be hosting the program and one of the authors.
I'll let you know what magazine it's from if I find it :)
Mercy. RT : Sales & traffic to Knicks official online store are up more than 3000% over the last week.
I visited the NYC Public Library for the first time on March 13th. & the children's dept. librarians were so nice.
Parents are gone who wants to come over?!
Horns looking like a bunch of overmatched freshmen vs Cincy. NCAA hoop remake of "Reality Bites".
. and - appreciate the RTs today! <Two great people to follow!
I would love to ask how she got her husband to admit she's smarter than him.. in public!
you back in the A
Also, without saying much, about 75% of the questions are said assessment were way above the paygrade for this job. WTH?
#Sammy Haggar wishes he was #zager - did i spell that right?
Cubs get on the board only trailing by one run. 3-2 Dodgers on top. Top of the 4th.
I suppose getting " #TalkTwitterToMe " to trend just isn't gonna happen... I need to get more followers to do that....
Everything is getting smaller except for prices.
"Mystery creates wonder, and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand." - Neil Armstrong
about what? Lol
thanks very much
RT Hold fast to your dreams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -L. Hughes
"Our image is all about freedom. Getting high. Having a good time. It's like a big party." -Rick James, San Bernardino Sun (July, 1981)
Just popped a lemon head in my mouth. I'm having a childhood flashback. I just need a pack of now and laters.
- I'm just returning as a fan. It's because of the Rays, so have a great year.
Cliffhanger - Merkel & Sarkozy meet Sunday to iron out whether EFSF funds (mostly German) can bail out French banks. Will he try seduction?
he will (:
... Yes especially poignant given that it's an Amy Winehouse song. WUCF89.9 in Orlando loves Sachal V!
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the path of the weak, becomes a stepping-stone in the path of the strong. --Thomas Carlyle
Feeling suicidal today? Try a bike ride in Back Bay during rush hour!
thanks for the
or we could open out bed & breakfast :)
I'm going to fail at this so bad. xD
Gas $20, books at the #barnes&noble for the kids $50, silence in the car ride home,
I love you Brett Gardner <3
RT : Need DJ w/ their own set up that wants 2 work Lady Gaga party 8/19 from 6p-9p. No pay, this is a great opportunity!
along with and 's new singles
Life isn't about fantasies, its about realities.
Most of his sketchbooks, drawings have been digitized, too. (scroll to near bottom of finding aid for images)
i wanna see them when u get through
#20ThingsAboutMe ; I'm SO insecure. I feel like I'll never be pretty enoughh.
Thanks & for the well wishes!! Neurologist is happy and Mom's headed home to sleep the day away. She's one tough cookie!
Need to hit the Greek Festival today first!
Interesting! RT : MT : It cost Mad Men $250k to use the Beatles' “Tomorrow Never Knows...
No offense but I don't tell ppl "I Love You" just bc they say it to me I have to really mean it and feel it!
Time for my 2012 MLB predictions
I say call Threadgill's and get the 4 veggie plate to go. With the butter beans. :-P
EMMA'S MISSING THE POINT.
.Good evening!!!!
lol, great analogy
Lada Adamic - right -what can we do with networks beyond just explore and visualize - pretty pictures - what's the meaning
Got an A- on my HUGE Art history Test!!
What a good weekend with (:
RT : One of my goals is to bring humor back to the music business. We wok in the entertainment field. Lighten up & enjoy life.
Chris Paul is going to take us to the finals
they were giving some out this morning damn but i had to got to school (:/) fuck school(t-_-t)fuck school
What the hell is going on with mandy?
i LOVE tweets!!!!
Nah, the usual amount.
Internet Week New York has officially begun! Which event are you off to first? #IWNY -CS
illegal immigrants, who have resided in the United Sates for an extended period of time, could become legalized.
Loving some #bryanadams at trinity!
no, I'm a bigger fan of tinseltown.
why? I can't either and I'm so beat
I'll be damned if believers aren't the best band in Columbia
Shower time
thanks for the support! And yes, I'm very excited to be able to play in Manila :)
These men at this lounge
It's not on our short list (at the moment), but I'll pass the title along to programming.
Relax with #yoga at 7:15!
You can lease a Fiat for $99 a month?! I should get one just for fun!
Jesus answered mine yesterday ☺👍
I plan on owning my drum jury next Monday. Just practiced for 2 hours straight since both of my classes got cancelled.
I'll reply when I'm on my computer (can't believe you typed all of that on your phone!)
This guy at the drive thru at in n out was all extra nice. I appreciate that! Not rude like so many people
It's unfair the way the All Star Game is awarded. There are 30 teams, there should be a 30 year rotation.
comb the mustache ! RT : Tearing that shit up
Why doesn't my baby sleep?!
I will be playing at the cup in wantagh tonight from 9-12. Stop by!
Welcome back to WI , we've missed you.
in other words, don't bother w hair straightener again. RT Murky, misty weather thru tonite w patchy dense #fog forming
Aw hell nah , hahaha ion look like dued , that nigga look like he got terets or some shit.
im not positive, but im pretty sure im in a dance off!!!
Anyone know of any reasonably priced hotels in Chicago that have a pool?
that one with the fox is kind of scary! But thanks for sharing!
Unlocking your Health & Happiness: The new health Bible - 660 pages of cutting edge wisdom with over 400 fantast
joe we are at rock bottom
yeah..they're lucky im not the suing type. This was blatant negligence!
When a person develops attachment to another or an object he is bound to go through pain and suffering.
Two days until Next Big Nashville!
Sorry for the message tweet but my account for hack
haha! Ok, will do. Can we reuse the phrase, too? :)
i kno yall c these tweets...... im not goin 2 sleep til i get responses
How many runners?
Break her heart and I’ll break your face!
So much for "taking care of our own."
The Cards have to play with some heart if they want to win today. There is always some luck too
Thanks - snapped it!
follow back :-) Cant wait until the event in Miami. So glad I get to participate! ~ Natalie (Pure Romance)
Stronger rain pounding my windows now.
Muller: "Access to information encourages accountability"
Yay! I still wear (+ love!) a few of your pieces I got swaps ago. RT : Already got my bag of clothes ready to go : )
Yup, genstrings fails at synonyms not being synonymous in all languages. I was planning to solve that with macros which unique 'em.
I couldn't help It... KFC :(
Apparently I'm too optimistic when it comes to companies and the world
Still need any teams for Stubby Bowl?
thanks for following!!!
Let us know what U think! RT: Just got my box of cereal in the mail can't wait to try it.. #SnackTime?
I will give you feed back soon
open up the floodgates huh? so should the PDs be a blank dropping of various tech possibilities
#drugreactions: #Internet is a source of information. Check online the side effects of your
Okay, the Tivo's on and I'm going to have to turn on
Just got my badge!
I don't get home til like 8:30 so my "free" time is very valuable. What should I focus on tonight - painting, recording, beats, or writing?
I told y'all... Kevin Durant was NOT going to let OKC lose this game at home...
Catching up on #TheBachelor ... Such a guilty pleasure.
Quit Tweeting!!!
So pumped for this video!
I have found my favorite online word game ever. This is not unambiguously good.
let me guess. It was Kashmir! You go sell out Jimmy Page. Fuck that, the Godzilla sondtrack rocked!!
RT : What does it mean that I google something and my blog post comes up at the top?<Means that you did a great job on that post!
Time will tell..
Oh man, don't get me started! HAHA
I got nothing to lose, I'm fighting my demons. Been looking for someone like you 💗🎶
:( re: selling house
Hair Kitty Kitty: Wedding Hairstyle Ideas
Indeed! #wherearethemen? RT : Want to see a reverse gender gap? Come to a museum conference.
Jeremy Lin is hot garbage. Worst team in the NBA and they lose...good game.
you've been annoyed lately cuz ur iPhone case is too slippery
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
is that a 40 oz protein shake or muscle milk
I love John Edwards, he remines me how stupid I was to believe in him and u can't know everything about a candidate .I need to be humbled.
Man just read my mind. I was just gonna say cheddar bob was a better rapper than Soulja boy. Lol
I'm just relieved that nobody really said anything awful about me! YAY!
Honey? Do we have any drachmas?
from , "Be platform agnostic."
No Hudler for the 2nd day in a row! Things are lookin up.
#NowFollowing Support my girl ~~~> Follow now #freaks sex toys on deck
thank u for everything you've done!
Haha - so true.
Rest in peace my nigga!
now that sounds like a productive day! I loved bubbles when i was a Lil guy. Bet your son had a blast :D
I thought we were doing family dinn?
maybe...but if the Broncs are smart they will keep him until the season starts and see what happens.
So glad you love the rings.
Talked to Phil Claridge at church Sunday. He said the lack of Zellers has left an athletic void in that community. Apathy?
How fat and gross is Rush?
Wow that was major Omarion and Maybach O.
Ready to get this album finished and out...
Excited to be at the Chick-fil-A Leadercast! Updates to follow...
Just got interviewed for the documentary with
if u go to YouTube and search timbers Tetris there are a few vids!
Louis is about to get this FOOT!
feelin good. rehearsal later.
La Dispute is such an inspiration.
Burress possibly to the #RAIDERS? Damn that be nice.
Angel just had her baby! Omg I luv him already!!!!♥♥♥
When a girl follows you It means she wants you for sex right?
Had fun 2day with my bestfriend n her friend friend... lol
Have you heard? We're on 90.1 WFYI. Listen in and when you hear our name, tweet about it!
Liberty Hill beats CC West Oso 68-51 in a Boys 3A regional semi. Will meet CC Miller in Saturday's final.
Looking for scholarly research on the educational value of storytelling... anyone have a resource to share?
Yes! Or like The Green Mile.
Lol i'm so tired and I have a shit load of stuff to do today.
I got stuck in my alley but I did make it to work, eventually.
that would be awesome. Great idea.
It was really good to meet y'all in Austin - Bryan & Heidi. Let's do it again next year
Totally just blurted something out which sounded rude: "have maddy ready when I get there so I don't have to linger"
Label GMOs in California!
#Bondo is incredible in Bob! See it.
that would be cool...i'm still waiting on an answer! if i found anything out i'll let you know.
“: Will be giving away a few copies of iFlat 3 (iOS5 ready) tonight..to win just RT and follow Random pick. GL!”
Hope everything is good across the Pond........
Hello. Doctor. Name. Continue. Yesterday. Tomorrow.
There is so much intellectually dishonest crap coming in the mail. No wonder people hate partisan politics
So much to do but too lazy to do it.
#WorstRapLineEver I wanna peel off you clothes like a banana. -.-
Exactly! Great meeting you, too! :)
Ugh.. I think you're right!
RT Too bad there’s not a robot Bob Hope to go entertain the unmanned drones at the front.
where are you guys tailgating? Swear I'm not a stalker BoomerSooner!
Waiting for this phone call from before bed. Too tired..
Went great--just one performance last Friday, one this weekend, hopefully more to come.
When you put #God first, all else is added onto you. He knows your needs. He knows your #heart. He will complete you & your life.
go suck your own dick
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success. - Havelock Ellis
#NowPlaying Heaven Knows Donna Summer
I really don't know how twitter would be w/o ' tweets. They're so perfect..they always make me laugh.
HIS EYES ARE JUST OMG!! i wanna steal them seriously!
Freshman floor was shaken at vincent today nbs it was girls gone wild & GD Vs VL all day
At antony + the johnsons. He is doing a beyonce cover
Kobe Bryant is good, but honestly he's no Jeremy Lin
Watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective Sunday at Noon on WPWR
glad you like the app for , Kevin! We are super excited to release it.
eyes so mild and wise, don't I know you better than the rest?
#ThatOnePersonWho you wish would come back into your life regardless of how they hurt you...
Forever wishing I was skinny and perf
Growing up, I dreamed of becoming a meteorologist. Now, I've got 3 weather apps on my phone. Living the dream, people.
hybrid theory is still one of my favorite albums.
listening on Iheartradio in Cali... Keep bringing it!!!
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
No, that was some drunk tweeting.
Sure, researching #archivists role in preservation of mixed media artwork is fascinating. But why can't I do it outside, w wine?
you don't think Tressel coaches well? Won't be able to pull any scams in NFL. Players won't respect? Coaching won't translate?
... thatz whatz up ..always a good thinG 2 do. ♥
Im the first to point out when a girl is pretty . . Girls that do nothing but insult other females are self-concious and pathetic.
Thank you! Happy Holidays to you too :)
and I would be okay with Courtney!
Ive worn too many dresses in my radio gigs..... but Novak makes racing writers shiver when she pulls on that one
ha...oh their spirts live at T-Flats on the autograph wall!
Hm so John Cena claims he's taking a "vacation" yet news just came out about him being confirmed for Marine 3. Interesting timing...
www.stardesignsa.com
Hey peeps I need a good suggestion for a book club book? What's one of ur GABA?
I just read it and thought it looked cool... I guess I was wrong.. All that information is crazy
Just tried a Turtle Bar from Oberweis Dairy for the first time. Delicious!
so... amy winehouse died this morning at 27 years old. Police say its 'unexplained' but oviously it was a drug overdose
If you Aint About That Life Dont Act Like IT BlackShadeMafia
We appreciate that! It was nice to meet you! Excellent job sharing presentations today
dinner would have been nothin w/o the amazing beer to back it up!
again i say FUDGE
Thanks for joining us! The teachers got a TON of great info. I'm sure they'll be calling soon. :)
I know there's a gazpacho to salsa continuum, but they're largely the same. And it may be that I'm eating salsa with a spoon for lunch.
lol yeah I feel ya!
I'm jealous
bout to have 2 jobs for the summer bout to be happy Af LFG!
I think it was 68 degrees here at 7am
yeah I got some good good..I will have to cook you some dinner some day..was you flavor.I cook it all..soul food specialty
« Looking ass lmao RT : #TheBestPartOfMyDayWas waking up with foldgers in my cup»
Now I'm thirsty! RT : guilty!
Stop in and show the bartend this wall post and get your first shot on the house! Sunday Funday will NEVER be the same! 1/2 off starting @ 9
three car crashes at west newton and Columbus (that I have seen) in last couple of weeks
": Adam & Eve were light skin so is God." you made my morning wit this one lmao
I really need to start reminding myself more each day that life really is so short and to appreciate the beauty of it
The advert for the last ever #onetreehill, is making me consider watching the entire series so I can see how it ends, hm.
There's no better feeling than complimenting someone else knowing you brightened their day.
.: "what is more intrusive than telling every woman in America that their decisions will be made right here in congress?"
Lmao at the Laker & there defense!
Cast to play zimmermans dad in a one night only live event in LA on the 14th stay tuned for more info.
#Romney in Rosemont event wrapping up now. He's on to Puerto Rico for more campaigning in pursuit of 2012 GOP presidential nomination.
a dirty sanchez is when you have anal sex and then smear the remaining feces onto your partners upper lip, like a mustache.
Girls are planning their birthday party. Should I tell them about the pony?
RT if you want the STEELERS to win!! :)
This #bcs game is boring beyond beli...z...
slow pig milwaukee april 22
What's everyone doing tonight?
Dont miss out Saturday July 11 and July 12 at the Laredo Entertainment Center!
That was a fail of a study day.. Why do I have to get sick BEFORE finals week this semester?
you are awesome!! thank you for following :) xo
The good life ;)
nice singing voice you have there
Lol self control, get some.
I know how that is. Sweet dreams :)
HEY SIS!!!..STAMPED-N-DIVAS!!!
cant wait to see ur nba 2k12 videos
"The LORD will fight for you, and you will hold your peace."~Exodus 14:14
I, no WE your #BelieberFamiliy will be there for you until the end ! because we love you , and everything you do ♥
I still can't stop smiling <3
God their passive aggressive bullshit is tiresome
hey can you get on pimd cuz it's not letting me
Meet Dara, Jera, and Katelin at the Middle States accreditation conference in Washington, Dec 11-13.
I'm sorry I wanna be all yours, I'm sorry I wanna love you...
i know you will never see this but you have inspired me so much to never give up no matter what anyone says so thanks (:
lmao you know it!
"Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade." Leo Buscaglia
4yo nephew upon seeing Santa decoration: Where's Santa? Wait, I know, he's at the North Pole.
chillin' at the mal.
Fell asleep sitting up wt cell in hand. The devil told me to throw it. I woke up~cell's too important.
Sometimes the mightiest struggles take place where no one can see them.
bummed i guess i didn't get enough votes to open for nevershoutnever in may!
helping revamp his executive summary at the
I'm gonna her
you've met craig owens?!
gosh darn it..thought it was friday
#GoTribe Speaking of that, just one more week 'til Opening Day!!!
tweeting lol bored
ugh I know. All day I have been thinking I would have seen ed. And then like right now we would most likely be meeting him
S/O new Followers:
Watching #It'sabradbradworld and can't stop laughing! He is hilarious! :)))))))
I'll keep that in mind.
New gigs coming up Aug 21st and Sept 4th. Check out our website for more info --> www.5starjazzband.com
Nintendo Super Mario Luigi High Five Baby Doll Tee
seriously my favorite song right now.
haha I know....
“: 71% of Americans (age 12+) are NFL fans, 185 million ppl await end of lockout!” - dwarfing other sports in US.
Hey, I really appreciate your advice on this. Definitely something to think about.
Public Culture is just the most recent...to try to bridge academic & "so-called general-public". Others are and
What did one saggy titty say to the other saggy titty? We better get some support soon or people will start thinking we're nuts!
So is this retirement plan of Schweitzer's any different than what he has been doing. JK. LOL.
your confidence is leaving you on your own.
Text messaging is an imprecise science.
Adam Nougeteiri of course! Can't see the uprights.....doesn't matter. It's good.
We are partnering with Seattle Fashion Week to benefit Japan. Need samples and will give photo credits. new Hair Mag UpDoZ.com coming SOON!
One of our favorite out of state venues ever! Thank u to all of 3065 Live staff! Cant wait until next time #there will be many next times
so whats up..? (: hope you had a nice day love!
The "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign now reads: "Welcome to Hell. If you lived here, you'd be home right now".
cutest little birdie ever!! A little shocked that ANYONE could be naive enough to wonder if it was real! My nephew LOVES those!
When is it? I roll VIP with my camera.
: Georgia/ is rockin #KAConnect2012. Love that she's talking about design *and* design thinking.
MOST definately. Best thing going during daytime for sure. INSANE
Oh yeah, it had a big, fat typo in it. I hate that. :-) I think I said "You are sweet. Move to America!"
When Bynum brings the ball below his knees, chalk it up as a turnover.
The Hollywood claim to fame of the town I just left is that both MILK MONEY and HARPER VALLEY, PTA were shot there.
Where I once saw weeds, I now see chicken feed.
Wow comrade! That is straight out of the Soviet Union circa 1955... Who could that "life" possibly appeal to?
While I ride dat tongue. Jack dat dick!
RAANngz baby..I got next on the pic..
Twix or Snicker
"Don't judge me on what people have told you. Get to know me first."
#BeastieBoysEffenRock - so good to see you out there. Surviving. Representing all of us. Being human - what you do.
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 47
wait what's your screenname or Google email?
we're looking into it
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
When the Sharks were eliminated, I decided to root for the the Preds and the Flyers. Can I pick 'em or what?
What? Your video contributions alone place you in the top 10.
I do
Kris Michell from cites 7,000 jobs number that and discredited earlier.
I hear you are a fellow spy. Let's see if you can figure out the code to gain entry to the #CovertTU. Good luck!
The Movie Sensei officially gives The Change-Up the Blue Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
ahah well atleast it's not a crazy person!
YES! RT : No.15 An early stocking stuffer! Council approves a co-sponsor to bring back Trail of Lights!
Good luck my friend. Keep us updated ;)
S/o to my new followers! Hey guys
it was the 12 year as well. Loved it. What did you think?
Conceited gays on here.
that's what YOU think haha....and then you graduate. 🎓 oh
Domination ain't even the word for what's happening right now
cool let me know
OMFGJLJILIJDILJD! I love pinball.
I used my Amzn accnt, but it doesnt link to Cydia. If you cant help, I understand, you have no control over Cydia.
Happy #FF to you too! Have a great weekend!
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow we'd turn down the lights and not just sleep😜
True; they've already got the world's largest Rolodex!
The bookstore or the library mostly, also from Amazon, as gifts, or from my dad's work.
Thank you to Channel 4 and 7 news. The truth was told about the City of Praise. I love my church!!!
Had a fun weekend at Instrumental Encore in Conover, NC. Lots of laughs and music and new friends.
I had a busy day!! Photoshoot, dance, then workout. Geez I'm tired. Now I'm gonna go spend some time with that thing I call my boyfriend! 💘
When you're drunk and trying to hook up tonight, remember that condoms are cheaper than kids.
Thanks! Enjoyed this. Never thought of it that way. Great reader comments so far, too
Keep beating the yankees!!!!
no one used my own card haha
Many have asked what my secret to success is - and I want to tell you. As soon as I can remember.
so excited to be working with you!
Pretty sure I've cried during every episode of Private Practice this season. I bow to the powers and genius of and cast.
Can't wait for Sunday's season finale of TRUE BLOOD. Packer game? What Packer game?
These are the favourites of most consumers of Nutrisystem diets
Headed to the cupcake shop!
a lil exhausted....bored...gotta wake up early - ugh :/
Gunnar and i just pushed to the front. Challenge accepted
But today it's for bad music.
finals are now upon me since I have them this week and not during the real finals week...bye social networking
Too soon to know Karl. Sorry.
#Audibles Will T.O. be one and done in Cincinnati?
Wonder if she has to pay for those?
craving chocolate all day today! Maybe I should get some #Hanukkah gelt
Just Shattered! My Phone! Smd where can I get my screen fixed.?
At Walnut Room to see
Just curious: is there a law against naming your kids Senator or Governor or General, etc.?
Singing with your headphones on and not realizing how loud you are.
What about mentoring as a strategy for viral content production?
RT : On #LeadChange Today: 5 Uncomfortable Observations About Workforce Diversity
People be saying I'm funny, laughing at me..Like, WTF!!!! "My fat ass ain't said SHAT funny!.. So WTF!.. Is yo ignant ASS..Laughing at?"...
so what is there to talk about??? Convey showed well Sat.
I think should follow me cause i'm part of #TeamTurquoise ahaha :)
the TV show Frasier. I watch it every day.
The beer is flowing like a good piss tonight!
When I hear "Wear My Hat" by Mac Miller all I think about is you. Even though it's such a gay song..
"My first piece of advice: fight for your seat at the table, better yet, fight for your seat at head of the table." Obama at
Sarahs in a SUPER good mood today.....
Would like a franklinator
#franglais hay fever? Nez nez, I'd rather not.
Sure. Thanks for reaching out.
just saw new video ; love it !
Stop looking here and clean woman!
You are elastagirl! PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER .... My words of encouragment to self .
Well then... Game on! Unless it tastes bad... In that case, take three shots first. After that, everything tastes okay.
I want my mommy!
Topical vs. IM testosterone. Which do you prescribe your patients who need it?
Just introduced the kids to ET. Holds up so well--they loved it. Still teary. Be good...
Thank you! RT : great to see #PRSMS trending in Milwaukee today .... is blowing this one out.
or libs willing to come to socal?
please follow me??????
Had a pretty damn good weekend with my friends not gonna lie #hyfr I might just throw down on the boat again next Saturday night
gene wilder will always be one of my all-time faves.
Try him!
is there a way to automatically jump to the most recent tweets versus starting with the oldest first?
often think of your sweatpants :: bloody Mary analogy.
i knew she was an awesome friend but only made it more clear when she made a 'package' comparison to David Bowie in 'Labyrinth'.
I'm an opportunist.
#supermoonpocalypse There. I said it.
Spent 1.5 hrs coaxing semi-feral #cat back inside. Evil ho is now cuddled on mama's lap. The OTHER mama. I am the box-cleaner/food-fetcher.
- why are you in Denver?
Follow me!(:
Where have you been?!? One of my fave songs right now
Thank you so much for the follow. Cheers!
#Geekend , unlocking the levels of awesome.
did you hip check her?
it wasn't a conscious slight. We optimize for getting 1st version of the viz out there quickly & a static image made most sense.
Shit i feel like snappin a bitch neck😡👊💢👋
Good Morning! Hope that your day is truly blessed!
keeping us Yankee fans across the country informed and up-to-the-second on breaking news and scoring updates.
I was thinking about how I would dance to Britney Spears for my tryout I got so weak thinking about everyone elses too! Lmbo.
Good morning, all. Hope you're having a good start to your weekend. Mine is rainy this morning, which is nice too.
After 10 yrs @ leading edge, validation I am right on with weight train for neurological training for recovery. clinical trial New Orleans
looking up piano music and printing it. for now my goal is a song a week. we will see how that goes.
Not a fan of Kentucky but this team is FUN to watch.
Our Enterprise Development team will give a Brown Bag presentation today, covering core approaches and methodologies of this practice area.
lol I'm done I'm done
Awareness exceeds innocence.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
., I have you to thank for finally understanding the post with a "period." Thanks!
I just got paid today. Im overjoyed lol
The door is open...
Happy birthday to ! Have fun tonight.
what do you need the vid kit for? Streaming service or something else?
Jk we got lost
In Saul Bellow LETTERS editor B. Taylor painstakingly thanks wide web of literati who helped him but misspells our own Elmer L Andersen.
I'm sorry but unless your playing for the buccos which isn't out of the question it's unacceptable
That really made my day
me too!
She dont want me waching porn cause she thinx I get turned on by it WRONG! I was already turned on b4 I started waching. I was born that way
yo shut up
not saying Romar is a bad coach or needs to go but that this ability is one of those that separates the good from the great
TEAM (I'd Kick That!) signed up for: Summer Rookie Co-ed Kickball at Berkeley Park Sundays.
You're not a dealer, you're just taking advantage of someone's addiction.
Let's do it. Is Augie your school or town?
Good luck!
Im not addicted to twitter, I just like to connect with my rusher family:-)
I love Francis Bacon. Nice background.
That movie didn't even look appealing!!
THESE HEARTS! about to tear it up!!!!!
Walmart makes all it's money on the backs if the middle class. Prices are cheap because everything is made in China
Popping rolaids, chased with Shiner.
It seems so silly, but it does help.
Interested in help me understand how it's different than the YouTube Symphony project.
Goodnight everyone. Sleep good.
Adding lots of #Carhartt flannel to the website, when I see flannel I think of...Red Green & Al Borland
Thanks for the RTs!
thanks vermont! xoxox
Hey twitter people! I'm back! The week of combatives (military mma) hell is finally over:) I love this sort of pain! Lol!
The kid is growing up quickly. Bryce Harper just hit his second HR in as many days.
oh well to late &exactly :3 <FixMyHeart;*>
thanks for the kind words and for owning us!
looks like a lot of special celeb guests will be at the AC - May 9th!
Yes! Andy. Do not lose to Tipsy.
"Louis Vuitton Condom" is this for real?!?! My god it better be worth its money lol
why didn't I just txted you that ? LOL
TikiDolls! We've missed you all dearly! What have we missed in your fashionable lives?
I don't even like eggs
so glad I could help! Let me know how it goes, and take pics of what you order! :)
Focus, focus, focus. That's how it's done.
Eay generatn #GOP caused "BANKRUPTCIES' that destroy JOBS,LIVES,FUTURE of Working Amer Fams& #GOP expect GOVT Bail Outs=NO MORE #GOP n 2012!
Troubles never end. Get rid of one and you face it's friend. Move beyond troubles and seek the happiness with-in.
Right! But I'm finna take my ass to sleep ill text you when I get up.
#Salud Amigo! RT : Happy Uno de Mayo! You don’t need to wait until Saturday to enjoy Espolón. ¡Vámonos Amigos!
"guys, it's her 6 months today. Yup, Alyxis is pregnant."
now how does ffn translate into following? You're gonna have to explain that one to me tomorrow!
Brushing Your Pet's Teeth
In your professional opinions, how would you do an ask for recent college grads?
Lol! Those last four words instantly raise my blood pressure!... That I don't know, I'd love to see it too!
Good weather always makes me want to shop.
for Founders event : Happy #PCBW everyone! With so many events to choose from, which are you starting with today
My first presidential library visit! in Little Rock.
Warm tonight!! I hope this great weather holds up! :) #sunshine goodnight folks!
On the road to MA, listening to Dora the Explorer.
Heck of a race.
my kids are too. Except we are in a car!
Cindy is now asking folks what they expect to get from the workshop
u really think twitter aided in any of the decision making today by UW?
I just ACED my econ exam NERD!!
Sounds like she'd be perfect working in RMoney's camp.
Thank you to whoever was favoriting random tweets from my phone this weekend...
There is so much sadness in those words.
Cannot wait to see you in purple and gold! ;) Thunder up!
I'll be in Philadelphia Thursday to Sunday when Flyers will be in Newark. Should limit the amount of orange around town. Should, but won't.
website's working on my computer
UGH! How do u expect #startups to accrue votes if your site is so Un-User-Friendly? Make a simple VOTE button!
Thinking about walking to school from now on -_-
Name Change
Knowledge is blind without experience
Glad u like it ;)
hey nobody told you to do that Motown Portraits pose sis lol
Back to school again. "Intro to JavaScript", & I am excited to learn another skill that will help me stay employed in 2012.
Guilty Butler
Last time i checked he was a single pringle
aw I just saw this now, thanks :*
: Follow Us at the original Account !!
Happy Easter Weekend! It's going to be sunny in LA :)
Just heard/saw the cutest little girl, approx. age 2, telling her mom to hurry up, she wanted to see superman
Ball State Book Store= Colossal customer service FAIL
Got my cartilage done.
#ff my nigga we got some music coming soon, And I'm hostin his tape this summer!
You're most welcome, brother. Always like showing my friends some #FF love.
Saying hello: These transfers hope a new address makes for a big season
Where did you hear this kick ass news?
Newark NJ Public schools and DrugFreeHome Foundation.org will announce substance abuse programs to keep kids safe
Once on This Island at Paper Mill Playhouse!
Or when they say "have a nice trip!" and you say "you too!" and they aren't going anywhere.
Happy Mardi Gras from your friends at Anode where "Flash" is a multimedia platform not something you do on Bourbon Street!
oh yea chicago BABY!!!
I wish we could go back to last Thursday and be headed to see Luke Bryan right now.
I used to assume every tall black man I saw was an NBA player, but not now. I mean, not during the playoffs.
's children are SO precious and so proud of their Daddy! got to talk to them in Hollywood. Keep watching
Just got my packet for the race tomorrow. YOU GUYSS! It's so cool! I can't wait!
Come meet taffy and dolly
Thanks for following! You have accomplished some wonderful things :) Looking forward to connecting.
lol they need to get their D up but 9-4 with the worse D in the league means Brady is a machine
she does? :) cool ok dude
RT Nervous Tuesdays R Back May 15th!! Big one!!
RT : Are you up for the LIGHTSWITCH® Lager Challenge? Stop by to get a sample of our LIGHTSWITCH® Lager with your order of...
Come on food lovers! MT : We're neck&neck! RT : has > 100K Twitter followers - < 1k short of
yep MAY 14
Wrong Twitter dear, try ! ": So great meeting yesterday at the fancy foods show. She's awesome!"
You may have just inspired a poem.
hit me when it does
and that they are!
Over pooh house chillinq with the family kelsey pretty :-)
The eagle is en route
How long will you be in Austin? U bringing Roxy?
the growth the have shown over the past 5 games is why we LOVE this team.
S/o D.Wade tho that nigga say fuck you and attacked Collison punk ass
how hit was Stevie Nicks?!!
thank you :)
Ion wana be her bff nomore
Hello twitter :)
Milwaukee King junior Austin Malone-Mitchell picked up scholarship offers from Bowling Green and San Francisco today, per his AAU coach.
The 1st three books are phenomenal. They slow down after that. Currently reading book 5.
Welcomes our followers. The party is gonna be great. Come help us support
What's the plan?! You guys have anything wild and crazy going on tonight or tomorrow?! I'm fired up!!
I need days of doin NOTHING, Peace & quiet. Many writers need that quiet alone time. Hung wt an author once & we rarely spoke, jus chilled.
Yea, they really didn't plan that at all did they? I ran the WarriorDash a couple yrs ago. Tons of fun. Muddy Buddy this yr! :)
I voted
Yep, trash can with a lid. If you fold up the diaper within itself &velcro it up tight, it won't be too vile.
Because Les Mis is one of my favorite things ever and a it's a movie now. One day I'll post videos of me *in* Les Mis. Yikes!
I took a Social Media break (a bit too long however) - the "noise" was just getting to be too much. I am wonderful! You?
Spray tans are never the answer .. I'm orange and smell .
#GWU, come to Pesto in #GWJStreet to see what Chef Uotila from Finland is cooking up today
Just finished 3 days Art Modeling in Laguna Beach! Like a mini-vacation with pay!
for including 'Dangerous Liaisons' on your Top 10 Favorite List!
we got a tough road. Pats on Sunday night then Thursday night vs Cleveland.
I know. Just thinking about their list of penalties makes me a little queasy.
"Houdini" by Foster the People. Can't stop listening.
and you can skip a grade like that?
idk they were just gone. and it was a whole long process transferring it from my ipod to my computer
This quarterback trading is like an ongoing domino effect, now what will happen to Mark Sanchez? Will it ever end?
I wanna rule the world....for a day.
still going to the mall?
Enough of this nonsense. I'm switching to
I hate when people get pissed at my opinion, especially if they asked for my opinion
hey twitter noobs, heres a quick tip. you dont have to put hashtags in every tweet, its okay though..we understand
As G Baby would say... "We goin to the ship!"
All I can think about today is frying up some crawfish and eating them like decadent popcorn. Mmmhm.
we'll get you some information about the conference. it was great. a lot of great speakers and sessions
"Kill the Moonlight" is my favorite. <3
A Colin dark skin niggas wanna be like tyrese
Meet/experience us at Kiosk H07 at the Bryant Park Holiday Shops, NYC now through Jan. 8, 2012. Great gifts and specials...Shea's the way!
nope, it sold last week. Sorry man.
- told my wife this morning that when packing them, I pretty much have to physically restrain myself from eating some. Can't eat 1
Sometimes I wanna punch people in the face so that way they remember me..
ill whip out my drumstick n make your eyes bleed! i like rainbow sprinkles on my icecream pie! lets do the banana split on da dance floor!!
Miller is piss beer.
Not looking forward to the detox Sunday. I need a work from home job
Chuck Brown... Rest In Peace
Holy shit. Since when did my mom know how to make sushi?
A guy that looks like Zach Galifianakis just walked into the office. I wonder if he's as funny.
Ah I'm in love with my new ringtone! :D
Damn Amy Winehouse Song Stuck In My Head.
Flirting is flirting, and that shit ain't cool.
So excited to hear #LuluLemon is coming to Sacramento!
I Got My Shades On
Did You Like #SaySomethin ?(:
I want to be the girl who makes your bad days better, and the one that makes you say " my life has changed since I met her ". (:
happy national siblings day you too >_< & btw you still never got me anything for my birthday...
Computer went wonky, small fonts, screen skewed. I assumed I was having a stroke. I may be a hypochondriac.
Guess the Greaseman retired?
Out of more than 80 postcard packs we've sold, we've only received 2 in the mail so far...
Day three of #NGA conf. "Using Technology to Improve Human Services" feat. Case Commons CEO Kathleen Feely
it is friday for me !baseball tonight
That my nine year old uses better grammar and punctuation than you.
To believe in one's dreams is to spend all of one's life asleep
Tokyo Sauna up next, playing acoustic at Panera for OTC's winter clothing drive. Hungry yet?
lol no worries bro! :D you need some rest!
My Head Starting To Hurt Again :/
Matty monk must get an expensive ass uninsured surgery. Come show your support Columbus on September 30th at scarlet & grey cafe benefit.
was sitting in gum this whole time. Rofl.
is that a quote froma movie? I think that was in die hard right?
Be amenable to the present situation so you can see the beauty that surrounds us and let it take you to your Highest Self
I love the rain.
Hi guys!!!! what's going on right now?
Preparation is key!
"Go take that litter of kittens in the loft and put em in the hog trough while I go get a beer"- The late Charles Hamilton. Good man Papps.
I don't believe we have yet. Thanks for putting them on our radar. Know anyone there?
Like WOW. RT : #FF along with a full tongue in your mouth, swallow you whole kiss...damn
check out our website www.njgallivan.com for upcoming auctions!!!
Congrats! What a great and well deserved honor! Looking forward to your selections.
Thank god for my physical therpist
I just had an epiphany
it's the minimum!!!
I definitely get less points than you two. At least I was home sick.
when I miss my baby, I really miss her. I don't just tell her I miss her to satisfy her...that's weak!
Thanks for the follow! How did you find me? #Music interests?
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
#ctctfb. Cover image- must represent your business and profile picture-must be your logo.
I was about 140 shy of 300 - but it has been at least a year since I've rolled a bowling ball.
have had mine for over 10 years and have always been tempted to jump ship, for some reason haven't. Think I'll consider it now.
Fear is a demon that haunts us. We have to face it rather than run away from it.
Love is defined by action, not feelings. Feelings may accompany the love. Without the foundation of commitment feelings & passion will fade
haven't been up in the chopper yet!
Not very nice of California to keep that important info to themselves.
no, but you could probably drink a bloody mary
oh right! I will. I am on the wrong computer again but PROMISE, I will soon
its not raining its just very ugly& im never sure like the next min. it going to pour down HARD. so i have no choice /;
wait really? I'm scared now. I'll do it tomorrow! o:
RT : Q3. When have you adjusted an uncomfortable idea to make it fit w/what you're more comfortable thinking?
Willies Wonder: Get you some.
Sorry to retweet often about the Facebook page. It is just easier to disseminate information and links via that page. Thanks so much!
RT : "I love acting. It's so much more real than life!" - Oscar Wilde
Spring Break!
I HATE THIS FUCKING SNOW?
have a "sweet" time :)
I miss our daily tweets to each other!
I Would Be A GREAT Big Sister!
Stop coming out the house half naked -___-'
": YearBook Is the best class, I NEVER do anything in here haha" Boy That's All My Classes
Out of church, about to get it in at Jackson's.
*Just in Case* you ever need an attorney, Top Tier is the only trusted source for an attorney for your legal needs! HAVE A GREAT THURSDAY!!
But I'm Fasho about to tear them greens up later...
Petroski's great achievement is "science for non-scientists". Not sure I buy that concept either.
That's the name of my email file for you!
Laying in bes listening to love songs, thinking about you...god I miss you :(
LaffyTaffy all the way!
says, "hug a partner."
RT I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
You da man, Rich.
You're strong You're wonderful You're worth it<3
GloZell does cinnamon challenge with a ladle?! This is spicing up! Tweet ya later!
Are "good looks" and the "perfect body" enough to make it in the world today? Where does talent and personality fit in?
Oh cool. You wanna hate on me for liking Britney Spears? Sorry your fave will never be as successful.
If Madonna sings Like a Virgin tonight, I think my TV will explode
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
i know your creeping
Also, do you know what uses to create the caricatures?
sounds like I missed another twitter dust up! Lol
#parenttrigger forces failing schools to ansr to fams they serve...For our parents in comms, this opp cant wait
Well, I do plan to dress in black
Excited to be at the Digital PR Next Practices Summit today with the Bhavans
Glad you're following me. I also support the restoration of Judeo/Christian values in the US — like universal healthcare!
In a few short days, I will have to make the extremely difficult decision: booze or cake?
NSDateFormatter and NSDataDetector are both really expensive to create. Shaved off half a second by creating once and caching.
Thanks for recent retweets & listings!
is still Mia
you doin happy hour?
best younow ever
If Kyle Busch's car were to spontaniously combust during the next race I would not be one bit sad..
I guess that makes sense, though I still prefer trade to mass-market. The latter fall apart too easily.
I'm going to retweet some of my favorite mentions over the last 2 days. Sorry I could not respond to all. I had over 100 mentions!
ok, u r 1 of the 6. ;) personally I like the others' photo tweets.
same...do u prefer winter or summer?
#iloveyousoincrediblymuch. there's just not enough words to describe how much i love you!!! :D
hi How are you? I'm from los angeles, ca. You?
Attn Law Librarians - is anyone else finding the URL's for FDSys hard to deal with when updating your saved GPOAccess links? Ideas?
On the road again!
Hi Elena, are you going to ECAD this year?// RT : have a great week!
I saw them, very nice indeed! Reminded me of a cabinet a guy made for his musicman amp.
Good one.
2 more days! That's right 2 more days and then you will get your chance to dance! RSM Auditions this Saturday!! info www.rocksteadydance.org
can't get over this beautiful #weather considering the blizzard we had right around this time last year!
I follow everyone back :)
Both. We were mandated to temporarily leave.
"And I will always love you" Reminds me of that girl off Youtube..That cant sing that and gets made. LOL I'll share the link.
my collection is pretty big also I've be collecting sense 93 I've got a ton of things I bet you don't have don bee bee card
twitter is the shit!
Today we chat about Idol on my show and play lots of great music including Back in the Day Cafe at Noon EDT!
Feelin too cute. man i swear as soon as you start feeling yourself people be hatinnnnnn. ohwell. don't hate. match it.
So sleepy..
Overnight camp ya'll! Pack up your #sleepingbags & #pillows!
Loving 's "Some Nights"!! This album is perfect and flawless. Listen to it on their website!
I miss you and love you. <3
Latest from coaches and operations crew is that a decision will be made at 6 p.m.
If you love me love me unconditional (Future Voice)
Obama to visit Seattle Sunday - be traffic and TFR advised.
Happy Easter everyone!
This one BITCH be hating xD
so is he luken?
thanks my man
Yup im crashin here 2nite! Lol feels good to be off work now lets party!
Its NBA hour.
I am so totally going to puke if Valverde so totally has another heart-attack-inducing outing. Let's go, Potato!
Guess I don't need to clean house then! Good I can really kick back tomorrow! Yay!
everything counts!
- if my funds are rightt.. Then I am in!
can't wait to return!
See you in New York City this evening!
Any Philly Union members on? Looking for recommendation on restaurant near PPL Park.
Screw waiting for WoW beta. I have the new Naruto game as an early birthday present from my parents. BYE.
Austrian economists conduct polls differently
you have no idea & with blake its 20x worse lol !
I'm going to *try* to watch the US/England World Cup match. Billions of people see something in it that I have missed so far. Wish me luck!
damn im hungry
should kill some traffic tho, not sure how valuable it'll be
Hello to all the new followers who have joined from the page. Looking forward to all of your tweets.
Sad to see him go, especially to a team as gay as the Jets. Hope he gets a shot to compete as a QB, not just some gimmick wildcat crap.
Be quiet please
maybe because they're lazy or they're top of the mountain of Success is lower than yours.. WOW! your mount EVEREST... lol
I love the - but what happened to late night Fridays? Any plans to stay open late on a weeknight?
We were always meant to say goodbye..
Missed my 400th tweet.
+ = pure <3!!! are you around #sxswi today? we can storm the CBS studio and fill it with information awesome.
You can stream some of the performances online live. DM me your email if you want to join our mailing list to keep up :)
So how does it feel to be free???(:
So America can't hire workers, Yet they can hire people in Middle America for 500 a month on phone calls?
Ohh Aha Now I Read It Right Lol ✊✊✊✊✊✊
ALERT: My hotmail has been hacked, so please don't click on any links in strange emails you may receive from me - I didn't send them! Sorry!
The final space shuttle launch is eight minutes away!
i need a girl yo lol
Oh bottles of scented hand lotion. What women exchange when we don't really know each other but still want to be nice.
Best wishes to all my friends and colleagues at #litaforum - have fun!
But I Love the ablative absolute!! A world without it is like a cat without a purr... - DvL
Shut up 😊
": : great mtng today! #newark #ItsHappeningNow" big things to come!
’Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Ginger Carrot soup and Cauliflower. Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry Mint
summer vacation is over and school is tomorrow, great....
yes! you look so gorgeous!!!
Mission accomplished
Almost 1 million children were victims of child abuse & neglect in the US last yr- help them by running our 5k on sept 16! www.juvenile.org
and I could've used the money to go to my favorite store lol
“Newspapers large and small were trying to nourish their circulation with a daily dose of sex or sensationalism"- Lowell
Thanks Laura for the #FF mention. Happy Sunday to you!
Big party Friday at to raise funds for a show: live band karaoke, dollar drinks, backup dancers! Starts 7:30. $10, $15 for 2!
#AnthonyShadid was one of us, he was our friend..there's probably an Anthony on campus right now, we just don't know -
#MSNBC #Nerdland Do we really have to listen to defend the GOP; who refuse to support his rights!
Lol, sisqo has his place in music (but not on my ipod either)....and very true that maryland does make some great music!
you're the prettiest birthday boy there ever was!
Las Vegas Fire Dept Chief Washington is right. Anyone who'd like to volunteer in any organization should be done at their own time.
what are you guys gonna do?
true true(: do u watch x factor?
Check out It's Amazing!
I love Calvin Klein. ☺
Young survivor of Cracker Barrel family shooting dies.
your tweets... they're like preachings
The simplest means to convey your style statements >>>> Custom T-shirts...
Tornadoes are definitely fascinating.
About to draw page 500. What should it be?
Doing well. Tuned in to Jakarta news. Will have you and the people of Indonesia in my thoughts. What have you been up to?
I was born to diiiiiieeeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeeee
Sometimes God doesn't give you what you want, not because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve better.
Fina get my work out on .... !
thank you so much- that was such a sweet card!
Congratulations Principal Rick Westfall! You will be missed at Keller HS. Good Luck as Chief Learning Officer in the GCISD.
Just picked up a free poster a free mason jar and a pint of Waldo's Special at ! Free bluegrass music too!
Selling Pre-Sales for our Backbooth show!!! Only 5 bux! hit us up!
she's really old though !(: I don't think she does
You make me really happy, dude.
you're welcome:)
No one on speed.. Picks Jeff!! What the hell is that all about!! Go24!!!
Daily GTKY question: What one thing fills your heart with joy, but drives others close to you crazy? Heehee :=)
No cell phones had to be in when the street lights came on
is the game on yet?
And UK had to make a coaching change. You can tell me all the sudden top recruits just run to a down program?
Off to the hospital :(
Just welcomed 8 members of the team to New York with Shake Shack, the burgers of champions.
Just let me know when you are ready to make switch. I can work a deal. Take care!
I think I've discovered what I'm going to do on my vacation: 24/7.
yes, it's sort of become a moving target for different reasons. Should be after Tales.
welcome to twitter
thanks, I needed that,
Now that his campaign's over, Newt "Might Never Repay Debts" #huffpost Why doesn't he take a job as a school janitor??
ASHP posts new podcasts: Civil War Photography and History, a public panel on the Civil War @ 150 , bit.ly/nbSKNj
Damm I can feel the change already from going to the gym I'm going to continue going more often
yes - we do have an Events app! Serendipity is our 5th #bizapp ^jv
hahs I know! I'm going with bake cookies...and a quick home workout :)
#thingsihateaboutfacebook There's not enough people on... ;-/
thanks for the the o-dark-thirty shoutout!
Mighty big puddles, my friends, mighty big puddles.
ECHO ECHO ECHO ECHO
so jealous of you right now
she pullin me....
S/o to one of the realest people I know
Rock On Girrl. No more red heals this time! Thank you for the message! please follow back...
looking into it now. Was too late to book the donut tour. Just asked a friend to join the t-shirt making. Done it yet?
I can walk in my heels again yay knee injury getting better yay
It's Official.. your never going to notice me.. -_-
This girl on #RepoGames said the current president is Bill Clinton. Lolz I'm done ctfu that is easy af.
So glad honors young women Devon Barnhart, Tessie Abraham, Elizabeth Kelsey Nevitt,& Jaclyn Zimmerman w/ 2012 Staffer of Year Award
it's gonna be a lot of work. Like night school and do that English boot camp and pass English final and pass gov't.
HAHAH omg julia u and fran are so fried...dude shes like a lobster right now.
we are having a great year.
"One Man's porn is another Man's porn."
i say tomorrow we do it lmfao jk
no. I'm not happy with american idol right now. :(
Am I the only person who didn't love Bridesmaids?
Studying for my drawing class final.... give me focus so i can finish strong..
currently hiding on Reno, courtesy of my employer. At least I got to see some cool cars today.
Student in RHCP shirt today! Wonder if she was at last night's awesome show in Sunrise. My videos will be on YouTube/Tumblr in a bit.
I ate off the same fork as a police officer today, ok.
Zoe, you stay strong, okay? We're all rooting for you, and we all love you, and we all are praying for you x
Finally finished reading The Hunger Games. What a great book. Can't wait to see the movie now!
hello friend....
Oh, universe. I don't even know what to say anymore.
Who wants some free TDOMB music?
RT : Kevin Na great in post-round presser. Funny. Self-deprecating. Says the pre-shot routine is as painful for him as us.
son as I get home I'll make it up to you :-*
The bus came early & it was raining, wasn't my fault
Unfortunately I hit my follow limit. Followers tell your friends to follow us! There are so many more I want to follow!!
cool. Will look for you at the break.
what do u mean? Drew pearson?
Remember, it is all about the kids.... right
omg. lil'mama .
Congrats got deserve it ;)
Yesterday I got the answer to one simple question which put everything in perspective for me!
the best synonym is cactus-porcus
#Walker thug threatened #wiunion Bob ://youtu.be/BgD_HoycD1M Custom heating & cooling 920-235-7263 He deserves a call.
Writing to this next record
Yeah, but he was willing to re-work his contract. That was mentioned 2 weeks ago. He loves our defensive front.
Where you at Mike?
Oh my gosh I just finished watching it and the chills won't stop!! lol!!
we had our second daughter last week, too :)
Just woke up and went to site for my tour dates before I even stepped foot outta bed.
yea right lol you would prob. get too toy ducks to EXSPLAIN and ill be laughing
parents: youre on the computer too much. I know. I should use my time more wisely by drinking, having sex & doin drugs, like most kids do.
Aw sorry to see you go.
good one bobby
Who are some of your favorite local bands from your town? :D Send us a link to their twitter accounts (^_^)
Time to do it
haha gladly! This is so boring lol
The Biblical case against cross-dressing: Deuteronomy 22:5 However, there is no biblical case for us treating cross-dressers without love
Create useful things out of scrap & bring out the creativity in you.
RT : Happy One Year Anniversary !
If you small you gotta have a big heart!
Got a new followuuuuh.
which season of Downton are you watching?
Thomas J. Watson
Nate Robinson could do a really great Barea impression for the Mavericks.
Camp tomorrow really cant wait!!!!
The last thing I want to do is hurt you...but it's on my list.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery have only wall and Magee help needed
Oh, I definitely will. The entire college complex where I live is basically empty due to Spring Break, so I'm taking full advantage
Tip #85: Find a student that will ask you unlimited questions about how to play poker. This will challenge you to grow.
I can't help but feel the way I feel for you
#YouCuteAndAllBut if you're personality sucks, we aren't going anywhere.
AMEN! Skinny Margs all night! RT : it's #NationalMargaritaDay perfect day to try
Listening to - great overview of looming marketing & privacy regulations driving multichannel marketing challenges.
Looks like my trip to Balmorhea State Park this weekend is out! Apparently all the pools are closed due to some fungus. Ok...
!! Yes!! Please let it be so.
Congrats on selling out!!
thanks for the follow - look forward to your tweets
Choose life no matter what your age, choose choice no matter what your position in life, choose happiness no matter where it may take you.
Why not?
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
What, no laser steaks?
That's was up. I think its a good move
The #1 team in college football is _________.
life is a choice and death is a decision
aww damn..leave den ion need u
well played sir
Happy Halloween Everyone!!!
In order to win, you must first lose. The feeling of losing gives you the desire to make sure you never lose again.
your pics were much better
My buddy Craig is going to Malaysia, Hong Kong, and China a week from today. Jealous...
love you too.
I don't know what's worse, cancer or surviving cancer.
I love you for knowing exactly what I was talking about <3
Just cuz I go to spelman doesnt make me stuck up
Little Giants is on right now
Welcome to the #Museum family and !
RT : "I wasn't that drunk." Dude, you threw my hamster, saying "Go Pikachu."
Were you all at #EmergingHigherEd? How did I miss you?
USA USA USA!
change your fitness routine every 4-6 weeks to prevent a workout plateau
That's my bday month. :-) RT : he should meet us in Vegas in October
But hea a junkieRT : chris anderson looks like a pedophile..
these tricks at my job be getting me hot ! Lucky ya ass is a girl
Off in an hour....in 2, I'll be cozy and wrapped up like a 6'2" burrito on the road to recovery
Hey you should DM me I love youu!!!<333 :)
#BecauseOfSchool I learned how to text without looking at my phone.
still waitin for a john rich / lil jon mash up!
I believe in u. I always have and I always will <3
Bro's free wifi skim went from "C Link" to "Don't Ask Stupid Questions" and is now locked.
Seriously cutting sugar out of everything again. Hello splenda(:
Is it Pet's Mart, or Pet Smart?
wish able bikini tan lines here on this kitti this year Quen
I realize that's not a significant number of moles for you guys :)
what a blessing to see you post that. It is a real joy !
Also, please put the clothes in the dryer. I heard the washer stop. You are the best :)
My third period is throwing me a party :3 I love them so much!!!
My mom has a way of making me feel like I'm constantly disrespecting her with nearly everything i say...which is NOT the case whatsoever.
when can we expect UFC stadiums? 1. Las Vegas, 2. Montreal, 3. Rio
bro you are dumb lol
Thanks for the RT! Happy Holidays!
Even though the BlackBerry I'm using this week is completely temporary, I'm totally moved in.
Do youu have a map??? Cause im lost in your eyes
Nope.I hope you had fun watching it!Lots of love sent from me sent to you!
dude you and me both
If you stay in your gym clothes all day long you will eventually workout..
Please don't be sick, please don't be sick, pleeaaasssseeee :'-(
ouch RT: Is Bev Perdue running for office again? I want to be sure I don't vote for that hoe again.
There is something very beautiful about the first time you walk out of the office late and the sun is still almost out
How are you going to pay $35k for the opportunity to get more free throws and then miss them?
congrats yo!! may you be showered with a plethora of polish sausages.
Spent the day on set, filming a really challenging restaurant scene with co-actor Trevor Clark. It's so awesome to work with prepared actors
Where are you? :O
Lonely night
thank you for the follow.
Got it. Done. Thank you! See you soon, melady.
I've found your nighttime curation a valuable archeological find in the mornings.
Im in Bangkok, Thailand.
Headed to a crash at the vista ridge tunnel
What's going on for new yrs?
COUPLES NIGHT! Buy one get one FREE entry for ALL COUPLES! Couples dances, discount VIP Booths, $5 Pizzas! Come hang out!
It is a very hard task but sometimes you have to take one for the team!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!(:
thanks a bunches! I used to be owned by a Corgi as well!!!
Also follow
omfg who remembers honesty blogs on MySpace?
That scary moment when the spider that was on the wall two seconds ago, isn’t there anymore.
Guess I'll js sleep it off ..
I'm just like Toyota "aways moving forward"
- thx for the mention Katie!
same here just at work where ya from
you are super creepy. Get to work
Wether you think you can or think u can't.... Your right!
RT : The westbound lanes of 1604 at 281 will be closed through Mon. If this affects your route, use 410 to come to the park.
Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost.
and there are some real-life horror stories out there that entirely prove your point: sometimes a bargain isn't really a bargain
Would that be trouble marketing to women, or trouble with women romantically? ;-)
RT : Had a great afternoon filming with FRS Healthy Performance! Stay on the look out for video of the newest FRS......
Marked my new mayorship by running the whole trail. A 6.24 mi run with a pace of 9'45"/mi and a time of 1:00:54 with Nike+ GPS.
Full report on Clark county fire and what we know coming up in one hour, on KATU midday news
Utterly transforming, YES! Hugs back to you and your precious little ones!
thanks, Dri! I really appreciate it :)
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
You had a lot of people believing in life after death. Or cryogenics. :-)
Eliot Spitzer kicking a#$ and taking names right now on on . Well worth a listen.
Join us tonight for Cleveland heights candidate night,,, for making this happen CH- UH Dems
Mexican or Chinese food?
#IWouldDoAnythingFor a friend...that has chocolate.
RT : I heard that April is Wear a Hijab in Solidarity Month. Is this just in San Diego?
Cotton is looking a bit too sharp Floyd needs to pick it up!
I was the same. I did some improv in college, but it had been a little while. The rust is shaking off & classes have been fun
yeah? Jealous much?(;
Lunch was a lame ass salad...but then saved the day by offering me a Mac N Cheese Ball from !
First 3 people to give us a short video testimony win $60 GC to our online store see our FB for details www.facebook.com/LVHCG
>>> Hey my darlin's! Hope ya year started off amazing!
the rallying has begun!
(*exercise). And we do real work once we finish all of this extraneous work.
Betancourt not being completely useless, yay! I thought for sure he'd pop out.
i am about 2 get on ovoo wit my friends:))
We'll never get tired of watching the sunset on the beach...
Where's the Hamilton HR tweet by ? She is a little late to the party.
Looking forward to seeing you as well, and all our colleagues in
chris you will recover so how long r u out for get well soon buddy :)
Do you want an Apple TV? I still don't really get it. I like my Roku.
RIP Patrice O'Neal. You were one of the funniest people I've ever seen and heaven just got a lot funnier I'm sure.
Someones #Silence is something you dont wanna fuck with....
Feb. 3 hates rock 'n' roll. It took Buddy Holly, Richie Valens and the Big Bopper in '59, Sid Vicious in '79. Screw this day.
#SignsOfCheating Talk's less, Argumentative, Rarely want's to see you, Protect's his phone like his life depend's on it.
Comin Too Chill / Hangg Wee Got
Follow me on instagram - Bettyboo92 <<<<< same as on here. I follow back (Duh) :-)
Pluralized by selfish pursuit & disruptive humanism. Dim storm stomping spirits bring chaos to every picnic to lounge back with solutions.
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
I'm in love. O! I'm a believer. I couldn't leave her if I tried. #monkeys RIP Davy Jones
mortgage loan officer and processing/underwriting is too segregated, no lines of comms, leading to a missed closed date.
is that normal? RT Blackberry want to charge me $49 a ticket by problem 4the 5 problems I'm having getting this new phone working!
Escape everything, Leave nothing
you got me fuh'dup if you think i'm gonna pay that much money for some seats right there!
where ya subbing at today?
RT : I'm sure you all have a triathlon this weekend so stock up on some energy w/our pasta buffet for lunch today...
buy everything for her?
Overall, I’m confused over Leap of Faith’s nomination (really?), thrilled for Peter & the Starcatcher, and otherwise ok with
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe.
Asbury Park Comic Con is probably the best experience I've ever had at a convention. Make sure you go Sep 29!
lol good cause I don't get paid yet :p and thanks for being sick so no lunch tomorrow :((((((
This is an important guide to how you can own a record label
God! I just love basketball and cheering at the games is fun. Too bad I suck at playing basketball:/
wtf is that noise i keep hearing! lol
Awesome. Being forced to move by the end of the month. Uh...cool.
How was your trip to Lake Geneva?
Decided that twitter is as much a mirror as a looking glass. Either that or all 1600 of you suck today.
going with the girls tonight!
well I can close my eyes but then everyone looks good in the dark. ;)
I'm looking at the stuff from the F8 keynote and thinking "Pretty, but too much change at once and is going to drive users away"
Brown-Forman's 3Q earnings fell 5.4% as sales growth slowed more than expected though sales were on par with the overall industry's rate.
Killer Total Body Transformation workout this morning. Tough but TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
Anyone have friends in Turkey? A friend's Syria dig was canceled, but she still has a plane ticket to Turkey. Let me know please!
Good morning everyone! How was your weekend? Today we will do a bit of Q & A! Trivia fun!!! So what for it starting at 10am!
Girls have a bad habit of holding on for too long. Guys have a bad habit of letting go too easily.
ive been missing you nate <3333
I love wandering down greeting card aisles by myself looking at the Valentines Day section because weeping is great for my abs.
We must agree that & are two excellent local Indiana choices!
After watching I remember how said I kind of sound like Phil Phillips... Alex, that man is a god. I'm not xD
Agree. A shame we have to lose the awesome actor in order to lose the baggage. Nice to see a GA show, though.
congrats! What a great day for you both.
Today is Elton John's birthday! He has won 6 Grammy's and was also knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1998 for his charitable work.
So NOT funny!
Resident: having so many "special events" (read: sports) means a tolerance for bad behavior. And NOW we're also going to get huskies
holy crap that scared me
I may become an iphone user by the end of this year...hm...
I like when it rains on Sundays too idk lol
whoops... i fibbed. we're still in indiana. it was a sign for chicago not the city. lol
But as Justin said : kill them with kindness!
just booked my WSOP housing , any other poker players staying there for the summer?
Nope, #Cloud s are created by convective currents created by surface (grassroots) heating.
YOU ARE A TRUE HERO!
NEED to know are the DALLAS cowboy's SUPER bowl BOUND??
Thank you, everyone, for the congrats and kind words. I am absolutely verklempt about the award news. Poleaxed, actually.
The Sweepstakes award. From Dole, 'Preserving Paradise'. Truly a beautiful entry. 3 Waterfalls on the float.
I know I know I know I shouldnt act this way I know I know I know Good girls dont misbehave But I'm a bad girl anyway
Good to know! Thanks.
and i know no one says "happy april fools"...k?
Also, you guys are on Whidbey? Nice - where at? I grew up there.
Everyone make a resolution? I hope it includes your health & a little fun.
Im all smiles so excited bout this new chapter in my life travel is always my dream so glad that I got fam from all over the world
Dropping Andy off @ work & then heading to Reaching Forward. I'm presenting & getting nervous.
So excited abt my new mommy book abt life, love, balance, kids & fashion coming out! Tweet me if u want a free sample!
RT : RT Mt. Rainier 1st on the list! USA Today 10 great places 2 see spring wildflowers...
"I drive up to you, Daddy!" -- Li'l D, proud of masterfully driving an Autopia car. So much fun to share that ride!
soon come bruh
hope you are thinking of the bbn when you make your decision today #GO BIG BLUE
Big congrats to Marina () AKA 'Madame Chairwoman' on her election as County Board chair - smart, capable & already leading
hahaha, Elizabeth was freaking outt! i was just cracking up to myself.
thanks. wife is doing ok. round 2 of chemo tomorrow at 845. thanks for asking.
Great !!! Programing Keep it Smooth : )BP
Damn Kobe just barely missed that crucial 3
naw bro i just need answers for the third and forth page. call a brotha we can get this done haha
One of the best nights of my life
part 6 is up!!
When you think a girl is goodie two shoes and then you find out they're a whore -_-
Excited for the #pbskids event at #SXSW this morning!
No one's rewarded more richly than those who've helped others. It matters not whether they helped selflessly or selfishly, for profit or...
I took video. Couldn't believe we actually heard it all through his warmup
Hmm, suave and subtle, isn't he? ;)
makes me quite happy to hear it, as I often receive reviews that don't understand the role of the researcher in the study
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
Hired by concussion police RT : last year when player got hurt, lockout-caused-inj police rushed to scene? Where did they go?
It Feels so good to be a Senior. Counting down the days. My mind already checked out. #gradbashonfriday #Seniors2012 .
appears you're a Peggy fanatic, and a fanatic is always concealing a secret doubt.
Lol..Chewy playin on my foot like a teeter totter nd gon say "mama like a playground" idk how dis gurl b comin up wit dis stuff..
let's go to Isaiah's sometime
Baron Davis can still ball.
Zombies r coming!
nah son I thought i was clavo and british?:o
RT HOT HEADLINE: Client Responds to Agency's Announcement of Being Closed Between Christmas and New Year's With "Like Hell You Are."
Hi , thanks for the mention. I think (based on the article) "computing" would do just fine, no need for #Cloud to be included.
SO TRUE. Way to call out ! How rude!
In my experience, most profs just want to get thru their subject material w/o attention to larger, versatile skills.
Best advice from my #wharton #entrepreneurship professor, "need to become impervious to the word NO"
The 2012 is coming soon. That's what May brings to the party!
just got threw watching The Pharcyde - Drop video bout 5 times, ThatZ a trip out video. I remember when i bought the tape back in the days
vever gonna give you up, Rick Astley
that's weird to me. Turkeys are huge! Will that fit?
YAYAYAYAYAAAY! IM SERIOUSLY CRYING RIGT NOW!!!!!!
The thermostat was invented 125 years ago, but I have yet to work in an office with one that has anything but Africa and Sibera as settings.
And then I handed my ticket to the gate agent to board & it wouldn't scan my ticket. I'd been cancelled. I almost started crying on the spot
Jesus has returned. Reported missing, Jesus Ruedas, 91, has been found by a concrete ditch, by pecan trees, in La Mesa, south of Las Cruces.
man, I feel like a fat ass for eating mcdonalds lol
what a beautiful day here at Los angeles.......=)
RT : 'Fix - The Ministry Movie' And Tunecore Team Up To Promote Artists @ Top40-Charts.com - Songs from 49 Top 20
Amy Knapp draws a bases-loaded walk to tie game at 4-4 in Michigan fourth inning. Pitching change for the Badgers.
If you're around Santa Fe tomorrow afternoon, we'll be at Evangelo's on San Francisco St. near the plaza making music from 3-6pm.
happy birthday Brandon! :) xx
This time i want it all . .
yes I'm surprised & afriad that team will b dismantled if they can't turnit around
👌 ok sweetie I'm tryin to get u lol
Omg turkeys have testacles...I had no idea...
yeah I still been looking, and what's the name u came up with g
we honestly don't wanna see Philly so I invite the Knicks to the united center
Unsolicited Advice: Avoid any man who uses the word "preggers".
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She finds out I'm on twitter. -Tweet by childish
Due to weather, tomorrow's breakfast has been moved to Ritz-Carlton Ballroom Salon 1 & 2.
Yupp I think Donald is going home.
We should feel sad for We should pity him. And I don't really think he's paying attention in school.
I miss the times when I'd come on twitter and didn't have about 2 million followers that clogged my timeline
I could be in a better mood right now 😞
#nf And thanks!
there's a old guy in the car next to us who is reading the paper while driving, that's skill.
blake it's flu season
. Lies about the Pres r fine but the truth about Romney is a bit too much??? Mean Core early-on!!
Heavy moves man heavy moves...
Excellent! Hope they worked well!
RT : The swift gray anteater bounced near the hibernating bison
most are, but some aren't. It's a good show...u will enjoy it. Holton & I may squeeze out after to catch 2nd half
Holy tits im tired
Thank you and have a great weekend! RT
Who else out there has a picture of themselves shaking Bill Mallory's hand?
Un cordial saludo Christian.
“: hi man find me a descent manager pleeaase country singer/songwriter Noll brothers”Please DM me a YouTube link.
Thank You♥!!!
From leopard-print get-ups to wild and off-the-wall wigs , Nicki Minaj gets attention for her style as often as her stage presence.
! Thx for all you do. We will see you soon. RT
much love! that's awesome man!
but I wanted to see Annie as a flapper girl!
Guess what is a mere two weeks away? OUR LAUNCH PARTY! Sept. 20th at 6pm at Mie N Yu! Hope you (and all your friends) can make it!
someone bring me chipotle k.
She'd definitely be a good addition
S/O To Everyone that Came and Bought their St. Patty's Day shirts and hats Today and not waiting till last minute!
nothing chillin thinkin bout earth cake and workability oh and some
NBA GMs take note of Thomas Robinson's emotion - clearly has heart and cares. Big fan of his game and effort tonight.
Don't worry I won't. :) I'm not surprised the bounties existed, but the league's response to them has been consistent.
Your are a very good dancer you really do inspire me and one day I would like to meet you. I dance to I'm just not as good as you
that sounds good add strawberrys
I only ever get money to get out of debt.
I need more context. I want to be mad at someone with you but I don't know who!
You can send them right our way! ; )
Thanks for the RT's!
Think gay marriage shouldn't be legal? Be sure to check out our sanctity of marriage issue page. We want America to be heard on both sides.
about to grab some din din in the city with the family
There's a way to do a good green screen and there's a way to do a half assed crappy way. #Unforgettable death scene was just crappy.
Mother's day weekend has no sundays races! He He
Looks like we're throwing Matt Mantsch under the bus tonight. If you voted that way, come and pay five bucks to see it happen!
yeah it's ridiculous!! I might get a job at HEB or something
I miss my bitch <3 u
U won b4 you even showed up 2nite. From Becker 2 S.W.A.T. 2 Flypaper 2 The Help & Tons in between. U won my heart long ago
ha ... that was kindof my thoughts too ... !
Solis Energy's Power HotSpots will be deployed around the track at the 12 Hours of Sebring race saturday
Yo son Steve Kerr is so a-non-ing right now STFU!!
“You work now like no one else will, so you can live like no one else can.” Unknown
250 million photos are uploaded to Facebook each day. If printed, the stack would be as tall as the Eiffel tower via
Good to know advil pms no longer have an effect on me
Congrats on your awesome news! Sorry you had a rough week. I'm proud of you!
Humans are not born fighters. There is evidence that humans are protective, fights and wars happen because we think we're protecting.
"Embedded librarianship": See community partnerships and Book-a-Librarian svc
Thanks, buddy. Luckily, since it's just a demo, I have some wiggle room. It does feel good to be librarianish for a minute.
I'm watching the KCA :)
Is it #CrazyDriver Day? One cut across two lanes of traffic, including a city bus, from a parking lot. Another cut across FOUR.
If a player believes he has little chance of receiving any minutes, his concentration will lapse & he will not be ready. -Phil Jackson
I just wanna sleep for an entire day. Thats it.
With heartfelt sympathy to the Houston Family, may your beloved....Whitney Elizabeth Houston...RIP.
come on shain....u kno we good for three lifetimes
Four bomb threats today. Guess I'll be having French at my professor's house tonight!
Metallic 5s, probably 7.5 to 8/10 condition. Soles not yellowed but not icy blue either. Listening to offers if anyone's interested
DDS Design Services is proud to announce it was awarded Chicago Home Improvement Magazine's Make Over of The Month for January / February.
Wow, it's been a year since my graduation from undergraduate... Time has flown!
true! Also "Minimally-Lighted Voudon."
Jezebel and Project Rungay. Photoshopped models and January Jones' bad wardrobe choices = news that matters to me.
wow say ih ng the exact same thing as me yeah ur cool :)
Not everything is about you. Well, except this. This is definitely about you. /via
Silver Stars come out playing strong defense, lead Sparks 13-2 in Los Angeles.
deliberate antagonism! #typical Can I get an #amen?
#WeTheKings OMG!!! one they follow me and on twitter C: and two there music is freakin amazing:D <3
People tweet instead of reading books because books don't lie to you and tell you nice things, appeasing your self doubts.
ffs, vimdiff! white text on a BRIGHT MAGENTA background! YES! That's a clear readability WIN!
hii could you please tweet me!!! I love you more than anything :)
Srotakin IV delivers a lethal dose of kick-ass
Love is in the air!!!
An Eastside would be so refreshing right now but I have none of the ingredients (gin, cucumber, mint, lime, simple syrup). Oh, bother!
No, but i use the same one. i have a mean spin
perfect spring day soundtrack: & 's "life," 's "sunlandic twins" & 's "lungs"
Nooks for our birthdays. First observation: Nook start up time = a couple minutes; Book = instant.
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. - Thomas Edison
“: Sending a girl a text that says "I love you Beautiful" can change her attitude for the whole day.” YES. This. <3
Thanks For MCR
Happy 5 de Mayo:)
OKC had a week off and everything they throw up goes in! It's just their night at home that's all!
I couldn't get through it...have a LIMITED attention span.
Selecting a new beneficiary is difficult! So many great #cancer organizations. Want to be considered? Contact us.
#ImAddicted to #tattoos. I can't wait to get my chest portrait all the way done. Sleeves are almost finished though.
Expect big things from Legendary Entertainment. Edward Zwick #directing #producing "The Great Wall". Glory meets Last Samurai?! I think so!!
they play next week.
Healthbill signed with different pen for each letter of Presidents name. Pen shortage explains why William Jefferson Clinton didn't pass it!
Man it's March & we got #summer weather!
I didn't google it.. Common knowledge when ur obsessed with the men and food
Isn't it a big world? Don't you worry about the little things, don't let the daylight rob your wings.
Playin hide n seek at balboa park! Julian's back! Like the ol' days!
lucky you saw that movie! haha my family makes fun of me for wanting to see it! I just think it looks funny!
Thx Jaye, have a great weekend!
you should be glad you left, because I'm too much for myself to handle let alone you.
What's going on with you musically, when are you coming back my way?
Need more alcohol.
MY NiGGA AiNT DOiN A THANG AT HOME DATS WHY iM RITE HERE WiT YOU..ND iiON REALLY CARE iF YOU TELL JUS TELL ME iF YOU DO;)
Oh my gosh. haha
This Dog Need Some D.ck . !!!
Santorum is more of the same raping of our land and prosperity. bo #RonPaul knows the issues
Please... Don't take pictures with your tongue out if you just drank a soda. It looks like you ate shit.
Awesome! Can't wait to see it!
Things about ta go south ... buckle up yo seat belts... and hang on
Thanks for following. please check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
me too!
Working as usual .. wishing I was cuddling :S
that would be awesome if she could just run around the bar!
hahaha. Yup. Sure do!
happy sweet sixteen
I always go for the taco but that sandwich looks delicious.
Line is out the door at the Man, that sushi movie is popular.
also I'm moving to Sonjas place next month. She has an extra room and said if i ever visit you she's coming with
re: "Companies that are financially successful tend to be those that make the biggest impact." What type of impact?
5200 with only 11k back I rip 28k they both fold.
;) ima hit u up weneva i get home today
That looks great! I'm still new to Seattle, where is that?
:D Thanks!
Hello Friday! Wishing everyone a #goodhairweekend!
:O!! #pinoypride :D
Did you get your Free Coffee this morning? If you're a coffee lover, you might not want to miss next week's Free Coffee Friday! 6am-10:30am
I shot a gun today! And now I'm waiting patiently for Death Cab to come onstage.
you and manage to always have the best luck lol
off to work i go! bring on the crazies!
Akron, OH and I'm doing great! How are you?
At camp lutherhaven lights off with the guys Yummy!!!
I've eaten there :)
May I recommend you read the commentary from website as you try to get through the 1st Doctor episodes? :-)
Sir Ken Robinson: Creativity is the process of having original ideas that have value.
--- your kidding me?! serious?
or the fact you enjoy "the sing off"?
Everything Asik does looks so effortless. He's like a very calm giant.
Fascinating documentary! Thank you for giving us an insiders' view.
Damn I forgot something really important 😞
I'm at dade & wearing one of my jean jane tanks today! 😁
yea I know haha
nice! RT : After quality time in GA and much reflection, I'm endorsing the BBQ shrimp at It's the sauce, stupid
Maybe. Or maybe more young women live with older partners than reverse. Is leaving nest for marriage independence?
Should be a fun day
good for you! Obama needs every vote he can get tomorrow. Even if your opinion makes you feel it is the lesser of 2 evils!
Fluro Light Fittings Store
“: No one plays Draw Something the way I play Draw Something. #FACT” I cheat. 😱
12 Days of Celeb-mas: Celebrities Get Festive with Christmas Sweaters! (PHOTOS) On the first day of Christmas, Celebuzz gave to me . . .
If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, love me. If I'm worth it, fight for me.
bro I wish I could've got that before I went
Tomorrow is another teacher's planning day. Today feels like Friday to me.
My bus smells like a Skunk..
Carmagedon?! Thank you Los Angeles for bringing many happy tourists to Las Vegas :)
Tomorrow Friday.. Damn this week went by fast!
Will there be a make-up show in SF for Veronica Falls?
Cuddling with my pillow & blanket & listening to Robin Thicke <3
Do you think pages will become more of a destination?
I might need to put some of my fitness people on this workout. I have some folks that love to dance.
Thanks, Anna!
I hate seeing a woman who doesn't embrace her beauty. You're beautiful. Own that shit.
The preview makes it look like he's playing the same character. Which I suppose wouldn't be the worst thing ever.
That funny moment when Austin Mahone looks a lot like my boyfriend.
Wanna thank ya for reppin Hard for the Team bro!!! U picked a team to be proud of!!! JTP JO-WAYNE
I sure love him :)
so how are you???
oh what classy lady wouldnt want to recieve that text :)
can at least 12 of my 4000 followers please follow ? :p
Best reads of the week
Busy day here at the shop! Working on a slab of meat and some ballistics!
There's a bunch of people judging me from something 7 years ago. They think Im a bad guy or something. Its hilarious
right? that growl was pure concentrated virility
ROLL TIDE!
Welcome to Twitter.
I'll be like I never got it. Dude she stalks my profile then comes over and asks who EVERY guy I talk to is. I'm like wow..
Enjoy your time outdoors.
In the end, It aint gonna be anyones fault but your own. Its not like you havent got chance after chance.
Really hope the weather don't get bad! ☔☁⚡
Did she forget part of National a Anthem?
still can't see my grade on pipeline :( and did not get an email?
In amsterdam & settled into appt. Looking for great places/ experiences for kids. Got any suggestions?
haha hollin'. Don't tell em, let em hear it for themselves & notice!
Just came back from the parade but I am mad at my mom because we had to leave early because it was could But it was not thanks mom
Headed to the Berkley Front.
just for fun :)
Dear ramen noodles, I owe you my life. Sincerely, a hungry woman.
thanks a bunch. :D
Don't get pissed off when your neighbor has loud music on at 2 am. Call him up at 4 am and tell him how much you loved it
nice. They updated the article.
MT 10 arrests so far at #occupyseattle, cops are giving remaining 3 tents a chance to "relax" before continuing.
is asking everyone to check out www.timothylucero.com
a little early to panic... strongholds yet to report!
alright let me finish my pizza rolls lol
I was just about to tell you that I can't because I forgot I had to meet my mom and aunt for dinner. I'd rather
i know! we will actually be able to taste the food.
you're wonderful!
how bout when the celtics lost to the 76ers? oh ok
Mexican food was enjoyed and enjoyed again from the white box from Browning's!
Perfect night with my cute little sickly
I LOVE English class!! Don't you ?? Good day:)
I can't fucking believe any of this. Screenshots vs. Bad Handwriting
guess who's Bacc.....
Reserving Feb 16 for Dallas maybe? #GoRangers!
Exciting announcement coming soon :-D
#NewOrleansBowl 4th and goal at the 3 for ULL. Timeout, decision time! Mud dogs, mud dogs...
Because I, I want to be, Every little thing that you want,That you need, that you breathe (`▽´)-σ
Ah this day is amazing... Last Thursday in MHS ever!!
No plans next Friday? Come hang out at and get Rock'd by and Mar 6 6:30 Benefit for
the tongues out and everything... 😜😝
Friends are like condoms. They are always there to protect you when things get hard.
After the #dem and #GOP conventions there will be spikes as pimps flood those cities with child sex workers.
In my feelings right now, tryna get out! Lol
I kno imma day late but shout out to my nigga for gettin his song played on the radio. Look him up and follow him yall
wow i think i love dallas so far ! i am having a great time and meeting some great people cant wait to see whats in store for me tommorow
hey, we're not for everyone. That's the beauty of it
Pop Quiz: David Duchovny voiced the lead character in what cell shaded video game?
Hate doing tax prep...
Great photo Don! Thanks for coming in for brunch - we look forward to seeing you again.
glad i'm not at school tho . . kinda .
JUST ADDED! OCEANO! w/Suffokate , Oceano(special guests), The Red Shore , MurderDeathKill, Blind Witness, King Conquer , Kill The Masses!
I won't
Welcome to my fantasy team, Jeremy Lin!
#Imagine Niall grabs your waist and won't let you go. Niall:"Look at me!" You look him in the eyes. ''You're beautiful. Do you hear me?''
Trader Joe's
I'm really excited to see your goodies! :)
HAHAHAH. "tequila makes her clothes fall off"
Its delicious! But at 10:30 at night its not too smart :( Bought it at the bakery at the new H Mart in Hartsdale. (Korean)
I missed my appointment for a boob job.
UGH! I can't shake this cough! :-(
that's not what she said
I want to be in Vegas watching the fights live with my wife, like Stephen Moyer and Anna Paquin. I love that happy family.
I'm gonna be off twitter for a while and bask in sadness. Bye guys. Oh & this is my 10,000th tweet so here ya go
Chill thankin God for life
..activated and alive, too many people fighting just to survive, another day, another dollar, another way of the world
Make it roomy or Jeff's fur won't fit.
who do you want to win?
Hello to
yikes. You know the computer get hot... Ha
Sorry all at #DesignBizChat about the spammers -too bad it's taking away fr the experience here 2day - so much great info that we're sharing
Im sorry to hear that lol
I want that robe and whatever gold shimmer is on your face. Oh and your tan :) lol
dear mac, please work nicely. dear server, please let me on the network.
Seriously people need to stop complaining. I think it's a "perk" to have on newsstands.
I smell some hatin goin on here!!
You know how they have the bags of 2 instead of one big bag inside the boxes? yeah
Dick Clark has died. The Zombie Apocalypse shall now begin.
huge win for you guys too!
dat don't mean nun 2 me
This should be good
somehow adult work never ends. I miss writing poems and drinking carefree coffee. so yes, end of adult work, beginning of fun
Looking for Attorneys specializing in Predatory Lending & Foreclosure Defense - all 50 states. Please send me a message if you are interest…
So true. RT You are foreshadowing. And I think that u r right, "easier" is more accurate than "easy." #bcsm”
I ain't got a man but Im not alone im Miss independent yup I got My own :)
Wish I was doing something else
I love
That moment when you get a card with exactly the scripture you needed to get you thru... thanks
xD lmao!! it depends on what move i'm in >:D jk lol
Country diva Sara Evans told him! "You should have thought about that when you were cheating" she sang at
When trying to finish a boring book, imagine Morgan Freeman reading it to you.
Happy Mother's Day mom:)! i love you so much <333
Celtics and Red Sox win. It's a good night
Between Cinco de Mayo and the Super Luna, I bet tomorrow's episode of "Sabado Gigante" is going to be fucking loco!
Don't want to fall in love no time soon. Fuck all the lovey dovey shit.
Laying in bed waiting for you to charge your phone
including you said that you would NEVER eat it .
#icantstandpeoplethat Smoke.. .-. It makes me want to puke when I smell it now..
Nothing triggers financial reform like a 3 person drumline
Bill goes nuts, starts replying to himself. RT : Hi, Uh, we're gonna move your desk downstairs into Storage B.
WAIT YOU WERE HERE AND I DIDN'T GET TO MEET YOU????
cuz I was in my car.
playing the role of sweaty librarian today.
": I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you."
Loving nicki minaj's new song superb ass .....i mean super bass
already done :)
King Tutankhamen was wrapped in 17 cloths
Help her out, people! #summerinternship RT : Does anyone live in Chicago?
going thru hell to take care of my daughter and give her the best life I can?!?!
Looked delish! Ur a great chef!!
Send it up!
yeah he can but just not any time soon though. If he ever comes to 4thandb believe me you'll be the first one to know!!!
Outward Bound Denver's Facebook Page is the way to stay connected!!
To the musician singing outside my house for the marathon. Please stop butchering good music.
Allison, I want to DM you. Follow & then you can unfollow - I don't mind at all. Now get back to kicking butt & taking names.
Jamie NANBF Gateway Naturals 2009 - keen shoes
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words... Ah!
Overheard: I'm a nun right now. Until further notice.
Xerox CEO: "we have talent deficit in US. We either import talent or export activities to where talent is"
“: ": already following u":-) needn n wannin to book for my 22nd bday” dm me and we can get sum started
WE ARE HAVING LUNCH END OF STORY
After a 15x3mins of boxing pad work and sparring this morning and an epic 3 hour dog walk this avo I am quite ready for a nap
This was the best Hulk even better than me when I was in second grade.
when is YPF?
If u count indycar Indy natives, u would have to say Indy had tony Stewart, manning, and Reggie miller wouldn't u?
FINALLY got my speech done...and it's still 55 seconds over. Grrrr. I'm going to bed.
it's been beyond GOOD!
Thanks Ray! RT : Long overdue
"Light up your face with gladness. Hide every trace of sadness. You'll find that life is more worth while, if you just smile."
Did you see part about the whiskey :)?
Heading to work for another busy day
#nowreading Alistair Horne, The Price of Glory. Verdun. Dark, dark stuff
good morning Juicy
YES! RT look of disgust on 's face when one of the judges gave a critical remark about Driver was priceless.
Big online tournament for gears of war 3 coming up in june. America vs europe, duking it out for 5gs in the top 4. Long live GEARS OF WAR!!!
Haha, well two days if I want it to say Matthew. LOL. My hubbys bday is today! I was late to the game on deciding on cake tho.
Glad you liked the Postup Donja Banda! It's 100% Plavac Mali, aged 24mo in Oak and another 24mo in bottle.
there first song
let's go to the mall
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Winn Dixie - LIPITOR -
Relationships are a lot like housecleaning. If you let things pile up, it can become overwhelming and unmanageable.
Imma just stop chasing her forreal
I'm not defending. I'm just reporting what he said.
stupid Twitter unfollowing people I KNOW I follow. Sorry about that
1800 tequila tries to be too manly and overcompensate for its poor taste, I really dislike the commercials
Thank you to the Barbara Bush Foundation for including a book drive to support programs in #Houston!
George Kuchar, master of the experimental film appears to be very ill with cancer. Terrible news.
I hope you'll have time to visit me in the Phillips Academy Archives when you visit the F. Holland Day show at the Addison.
I would love to get a S/O from I so love him!!!!
u should say something comforting like "I'm sure everything will be okay". -__-
“: Like A Prayer. Me. Being myself and psyched about the hottest halftime show ever. #BeYouBe7UP ” Go CeeLo!!
Girls freak me out -
If u ride with me you are garenteed the time of your life.
Just passed #lingarden wondering if he has a 2nd job
Check me out 2nite performing with Streetlight Allstars at the show Gilligans MBORO. Cant wait to see them, its been a min! *
admits again: "we're French, so we complain."
it was fun ! lol its so weird seeing my last name. mines schmidt too lol.
I'm just glad you didn't make a GIF about my delay in posting it b/c of tech issues. We'll have to do it again sometime soon.
I agree, but that would constitute 1 foreign cult. dominating a host cult. Nobody wants that. Just that there be space for all
The more I am with you the more you break my heart... But I'm not giving up.
.... So great meeting y'all tonight! We'll definitely have to hang/ make music soon!
This dough is four days past its recommended date but I think it'll be ok. I'll just use a lot of flour.
OH at : "Sometimes you just have to shake your co*k." cc
Wife on bed rest at hospital until baby is born...most likely baby will come early...
yea we did. You went to a movie with ????... Jealous
OH: Prince Charles is Stannis Baratheon. No one wants him to be king.
are you ready for some fun tomorrow?
Is that what you do to stay funny, Jimmy? <3
Same here, sorry :(
this old thing?
At olive garden :)
Next time I'm holding out for donuts AND pizza.
Is that how you spell it.???? lmao.
CousinThe real leader has no need to lead--he is content to point the way
My how we love Friday's at TWD!!! :-) Enjoy yourselves this weekend working divas!
wake up
: AND better/easier online accessibility of full-length episodes!
Ya'll should release "Getaway Car" as your next single!! It's amazing!!
Pretty much everyone from the biz side is in Colorado for Communikey :( So that may explain the lack of attendance.
All finished with Army Basic Combat Training and ready for AIT to start Tuesday. Advanced Individual Training in Field Artillery.
Tomorrow is the HIV Prevention Planning Committee meeting. Please come and wear red in solidarity with the Women's Collaborative on HIV/AIDS
Watched basketball wives n I definitely respect Tammy's gangster. Moms need to show the same love they give there sons to there daughters.
The new EP rules. Congrats on being the top purevolume artist, sir!
you are welcome! Sorry I couldn't provide live updates! Cell Coverage was weak
Will the battle be televised?
Austin will you PLEASE follow me back, and make a dream come true? :')
You can do a lot of things to me, but do NOT play me for a fool. I'm NOT stupid and I DO NOT share.
I now understand why tech keeps getting smarter: IT guys do NOT like to interact with ppl.
One gap in #edtech science classes: hard to have labs when you're online. Looks like is building a compelling virtual solution.
Cool story,now you gonna tell me what really happen. no.
I think I actually passed a math test for the first time its a miracle
lol hell yea
“: So it's been decided. Anywhere I live from now on has to be near a Wholefoods, a Starbucks and some decent sushi.” totally!
slim fit? Are you trying to alienate 2/3 of the voters?
it was extremely well done, you'll definitely enjoy it!
sweet bud.
Today is a day to figure out who & What you need to cut out of your life to grow
finds through research: WI owns fall vs battleground Midwest states. Love autumn colors!
nope never heard of em, I'm stubborn when it comes to listening to local artist...that's something I gotta work on tho
Maybe E will contribute. Yesterday he suggested "my need to fix my PREMIS plan distracts me from your aquamarine eyes".
Moderating a mobile focused panel for #refreshDC in April. Heavy developer focused. Want input of what's on your mind so I can incorporate
Perfect weekend morning: rainy weather, soy latte, and "The American President"
i love you.
are you coming for #CIL2012 ? We should all meet up.
Ah, Jenn, you've got this! To share success: I did that last year and it stuck until this Christmas lol. It's a "treat" now.
hah! I am in a benadryl fog this morning as well..
Good luck.
That's nice. Kidney stones are worse than birth or so I hear.
Thanks for the follow guys! Be down there soon.
Wedding planning is soo much fun!
please follow me back? I saw yuhr rapping in sabrinas video it was amazing! Big Fan!<3
yeen makin NO noise!!
Thanks dude---I just saw your note about Heimlich maneuver kid. I'm a little slow on the Twitters sometimes.
#40thingsaboutme #1 i pretend i have a pet unicorn
How does food get cold, if drinks get hot?
Wait, is on Here & Now? When, when? RT : hey do not worry. You will be grand.
If you respect yourself , you wouldn't have to lie about it :)
The pain of discipline is far less than the pain of regret.
If you see the ladies of just randomly hug them. They say they don't like it but they do. Even if they squirm. LOL!
Damn my guy what's the deal
Point blank is much better then tebow at qb!!! Get off your man crush
Drinking my cereal bc im to lazy to go get a spoon. I win(: haha
and that's why dogs are the best. They are full of love. (Mine sure is.)
Thanks! #wifilmfest is heating up. More original content coming. So, stay tuned. And keep those awesome tweets rolling!
If I was a boxer and I was loosing I would be doing the windmill the whole last round.
makes all the #meatheads look good
i am!
sorry we missed it, hope to hear he does another one! "Hey Criss, ur graphic girl kicks magical butt" ;)
Sure... You can make some decisions. I can't do it ALL alone... Sounds like my wife talking
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits
OK, so after a few phone calls, my LAST 1099 from last year should be in the mail tonight. Finally, I can do my damn taxes!
The list goes on. But does that stop me from voicing my opinions? Well, I think we all know the answer to that ;)
at this point, Davis is better than World Peace
I can already tell I'm going to be awesome at this game.
Scoring defense isn't always indicative of good team defense..often times, it simply means you slow tempo. Look at Defensive FG% & road wins
The Alphie and Abner show needs to become an actual show asap.
Just finished reading Mockingjay, finishing the Hunger Game series. I cried at the end:'3 truly such an amazing series<3
enjoy Bora!:) take care always!:) love & miss you all!:)
Rondo thinks he is Magic again so far tonight, way to many no look and behind the back passes already
There's a 10pm EST live push of RBV that will finally show what our project can do! Hope you'll check it out!
Today I witnessed a #sunny with no fucks
This job is so kool
Sometimes, you have to burn a bridge. That's how you grow.
I have a last minute meeting and wont be able to make tonights EMP gathering :( Coffee this friday to talk about AAM?
Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood. - Stanislaw Lec
#YouKnowYouAreHispanic When you go down to Hialeah and they are doing their religion and sacrificing a goat and a dove in a warehouse
Better late than not at all!
While the site is back up the FB stuff seems effed...meh
lmaoooo i was knocked out
Why I gotta wait??..
I know!! Reminds me why I'm a preservationist.
#SupportBlackBusinesses ...or they'll go extinct
"I'll take plagiarism for $100, Alex"
Lost a cenote.
Did you hear the new Elvis Costello live album? I heard it's "WHEELY" Good! RT: : the new Elvis Costello live album
I had trouble with my computer. The help desk said it was an ID ten T error. "What's that?" I asked. Write it down... I D 1 0 T
keeping it real ;)
I love my new avi. Great stoppage by Richard Steele! Chavez is legendary.
#TwSIG Lots of apps and tools to manage your Twitter feeds. TweetDeck is one of those. You can find new followers, see who is mentioning you
I'm pretty sure that classifies as back pains... 42DD
Im waiting for the replay ♥so I can go hard and fangirl again and make my head hurt...
Here we go!!!
is that sexual
Yes, this occurred due to an algorithm change and the maps team is on it :) Thanks for letting us know though!!!
And on top of that, I need surgery for my wrist
Thanks as always for the RTs!
#FollowReader Anything that supports indie bookstores or libraries is something I'm behind.
Up way to early.
its been a minute man!
u got Charlie's pee pee showing!!!
You can never make someone love you. You can only make yourself worthy of being loved.
Great carido..I burn up to 600 calories in an hour..
Fake people will wish u the best, just as long as that best benefits 'em
and it took me forever to get to tonight because husband only replayed #TheVoice's Anthony & Jesse battle ten times! Ooh epic.
Piano + Studio version of Hair must be insane!!!
When Hugh Hefner dies, will he really be going to a better place?
Congratulation to who is graduating today, I'm so proud of you 😘🎉🎈🎓🎉!!!
so sexy!!
Also, Dallas. RT 2012 y'all. RT : Radio ad in Dallas for the Byron Nelson says...where the PGA meets T&A.
. Thank you for sharing our site, Paul! Following you back now! :)
Work to hard in a car 4 hours a day so sometime I don't give a fuck! I never slow down!
I'd take NE vs SD from '07 instead. JMO
FLOOR MAGNET!!
And of with my Enterprise modeling skill set complimented with a love writing and word....
Paul Ryan: debt crisis on our horizon if stay on path we're on. The president's budget makes is a lot worse
Son sitting next to me with phone beeping. Coincidentally only when I tweet the word 'fuck'. Check 1, "fuck", check 2 "fuck", check, check!
After a great win over the 'Nucks, 'Hawks get destroyed at home. Why can't we beat the Preds? :(
So I definitely got an B on a paper that I completely bullshitted and I'm pretty sure I did well on the exam
Not necessarily a dif, but a biz owner may treat their co like a job, whereas a true ent. will develop income streams.
....is this the hour ur gonna follow me? Hm *scratches chin* I wonder....yes? No? Maybe? So?
Think that you might the first follower from Maysville to follow me! Awesome!
Yes your cute. Don't let that get to your head.
Worked like a charm!!! Thanks again for the help!
Alrighty, lol, I'll do it. You helped me get my project toasty bracelet, and I help you get followed by :p
"Its called a punching bag, what else would you like me to do with it." - my response to my wife's silly question about my hand.
awesome! Tired af but awesome
I LOVE YOU
I just finished watching...I'm bawling 😪😪😪
does anyone else not like the newest TweetDeck compared to v 0.38.1besides me? seems likes posts are happening much slower then w/older ver
What a great St. Patrick's Day! Check out our Post St. Pat's Day event with WAAF & Shawn Thornton! Tuesday, March 20th...
May the 4th be with you today!!
At tax time I want for a document/receipts scanner, or better yet, 100% electronic receipts/docs.
Got milk?
don't cut it too close! Are you guys taking the train or bus?
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try being a role model for ur kids!
What is your favorite Pin Ball game?
lets have a girls night. wine and movies? :)
Had a wonderful brunch at Tabard Inn!! Enjoying our last day together with our daughters...:(
#milwaukee what fun projects does everyone have ontheir plate forthis spring?
oh my! I must oblige the bean.
the only reason you're living here is because me & my dad decided your mom was really hot & that we should both bang her.
I normally don't do politics, but... Is the 2-party system really a good idea? Or the cause of our ("us" vs "them") political problems?
Wish me luck
#RN20 "fallen eagles live forever, soaring above us and in our hearts"
My hairs getting longish!
no i think it was called talk that talk
I love how God will give us the things we desire while using us to fulfill his purpose.
Good point!
is still working on the website. =)
I think you all should check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies a ghetto street drama based in Detroit x Cop ur copy now. Check out my blog.
true that. I've been worried since like Wednesday.
Met with Isagenix colleague today. Joining the IsaDerby. Can't wait to see our team's progress!
- Very cool. What made you start? What styles have you brewed? Did you like them? (1st can be bad, it's a learning experience)
Thanks for the #FF :)
Did you burn that poem you wrote about BBQ? Did you burn that BBQ you romanticized on your palate? Or is it covered in saucy words?
ran 2m: ran/walk 1m. After being sick on and off for six weeks (2colds/stomach flu) I'm back on track - 6 mile goal.
yea it was a game-changer
Everybody's working for the weekend, so what are your weekend plans? #TGIF!
So great to see you too!! And my hair still doesn't feel sticky, which is a miracle.
I've loved 💔 lost 😔 and learned 💁
not sure what u sent but I couldn't view it.
I jusst seen a girl with purple hair , a purple dress & purple shoes . I think she likes purple guyss :p
got the #buckeye victory...now lets go #bulls!
Every action you take builds your reputation. Are you happy with what you have built today?
I got 's present today!(: working on his poster now(:
Hi there! Thanks for sharing the link ~ Have a great week ahead :)
Awww u must love me. First a book on data viz and now this!
I know I'm biased, but the bikini bootcamp is still my favorite workout.. just did it with a smile :)
Back 2 reality tomorrow. Looking forward to the tornado simulation that and put together. Look 4 my stories Mon - Wed @ 10.
Thanks to u crazies for coming to the rock show last night at It was crazy. was crazy. = crazy. Woo
DM... sorry took so long, just saw it
We dont make mistakes here, we just have happy accidents.
Everybody Bashing My #Knicks For Not Contacting #PhilJackson Chill Out Its Plenty Time To Contact Him. If We Dont He Must Not Be Interested.
That Is Great News... :-)
Good Morning Denver!!!
“: In general, meaner people have less of a life.” EAT IT ANDREW!! Proof
Happy Birthday Ryan
I fucking HATE when people just sit there and stare at me -__-
Twitter is suggesting I should follow , , and Domino's Pizza. Two out of three ain't bad...
I'll leave it up to my nearly 5 y.o. daughter to test the battery life while using Netflix. :-)
you're absolutely right. Thank you, happy new year to you too coach
I wouldn't say utter shit, but it was mostly negative
YES. SO TRUE. RT Education needs to stop always being the laggard and step up in using technology
1 0 for lead generating content! ;)
Wow. Adam Lambert has an incredible voice. Listening to his new CD - Trespassing.
depends on the setting...
just got my copies of the starter and the all pro...sexy cant even begin to describe them. maybe Somalia midori sexy is better
JALEN!!!! Been tryin to catch up with you!!!!
Marvelous books to put under the Christmas tree! www.facebook.com/bookguilddc
hah of course, we can talk at lunch tomorrow
5th to watch the video... I feel proud
We have some new color Samoas in for the kids and Jordans for the men!!!!!!! come grab a pair or two!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think that's the hardest part about writing. If you're willing to cut your own words, you're well ahead of the game.
An odd front in the war on, or about, women. The one who thinks Quindlen, etc. messed up Helen Gurley Brown: strange.
Writing about how Apple controlled the crowds at Grand Central today. Really shows an incredible degree of thinking.
what is more surprising is that he is still an active pitcher ;)
Custom Basket of the Week: Here's something for the tea lover in your life.
this friday !?;)
Life is painful, wicked and short... in my case it has only been agonizing and nasty.
Downloading my shit
200 subscribers on youtube! Getting there!
Love me some country! Doesn't get better than Sugarland for me. :) I love the Ingrid Michaelson station when you want mellow.
Makes me want a whoopie pie! Bob & Sue Miller, owners of Das Dutchman Essenhaus, win 2012 Will Koch Indiana Tourism Award cc:
Good shower,cold cocktail & a blunt,np Vent by ,real music for real niggas
Horny!!! Wanna get somebody!! Any. Videos??? Of u guys followers
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
Mom: Everyone says Enrique can't sing but I like him. I think he's cool. And Pitbull? If I was just 10 years younger. Me: You're killing me.
Dare you to add 'Go Packers' to your book's metadata, via 's new Atlas publishing platform...
Learning never exhausts the mind ~ Leonardo da Vinci
Great, thanx :) And how are u?
”It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.” -Albert Einstein
im getting old , welps ready to head to KC .
Why is this clinic so busy at 7am!?
Good afternoon beautiful people
oh what a sight that would be.. But you can't do that with flabbs (;
“: Woohoo! Congrats!”Finally a DD in the house!!! ;)
#cgbb thanks for the support!! And june 15th u will know what this famous word is haha
LOOKIN FORWARD TO THE NEW YEAR 2010!! HERE I COME!! LOL!!
You had a great seat -- right up in the front where all of the action was :P
🎉 Impressive!! --> “: Only up to 255 DEADLIFTS today but the reps felt solid strong and nice;)”
o great reminder! setting up a running date now. Patrick's Sunscreen in my pocket, of course! (don't want wrinkles)
Looking forward to this weekend...
anii de:C:C e sheh :P
#20thingsaboutme 4. I'm really insecure, but everybody tells me they can't understand why.
where have you been bitch
Will look it up right now! -J
Brr cold! And 60 next week??? Crazy
will do brotha
Yes! RT : Hey Houston startups, coming to ?
Twin Cities archdiocese says gave $650K last year to support gay marriage ban; dwarfed by anti-amendment group but others still to report.
I did thats why I was like HAHA WHAT RT : Omg it's a Ja'mie King quote like how dare you not know that one.
Just sent u a text since I couldn't DM u back on here my man.
For a second there, thought music shelflisting would be easy. Then I picked up a Chopin piano sonata. But success!
#Flesh eaten. #HighLife drank. #Backyardbrush burned in a #BBQ in a #driveway. #Drunks watched. New peeps. Happy #StPatricksDay, #Milwaukee!
Convincing ourselves that we lack any real gifts or have nothing to contribute leaves us with an aching void -- disconnected to
Guys...I have friends that are conservatives, liberals, Laker fans, Niner fans, Republican, Democrat...build on what you have in common
thank you. keep up the encouragement and I'll be able to go to canada by year's end!
no doubt missy
that's right. I knew it! Canadian gurls R more fun! Ur soo lucky I don't live closer!
I'm the sickest in the system
Today going to be some bullshit
plus just as a tip... Pnc atms can give singles.. Just ask for 4 bucks.. Do it all the time
Smh.... Whens the reschedule... And ya probly wanna make it a 2day stay if possible... Save the rushing.
Wish i'd though to record the sounds coming out of my lungs the other day. Amazing Anakin-without-the-helmet-at-the-end-of-Jedi wheezing.
Driver, take me to Omaha. Oh, wait, I am the driver....
i'm gonna visit there soon! hope to meet up with you!!! :)
Account was hacked. Changed password twice and ran SpyBot and Anti-Virus. Anything else I should be doing?
not bad, Clarks not that great lol! I want to go to palo
can I come? “: Best buddy from grade school lives south of Atlanta. Divorced. Three spare rooms. Already hit him up. #Catlanta2013”
I want to go to the next bulls game just to say I have been to one
I think it's fun to see pics of what's in grocery carts! Some blogs showcase readers' pics, like how does! :)
I hate breaking in dance shoes... :(
Filmstock went great. Got compliments on Pick Me! Met reporter for indie film journal. Best in show was doc Vending for Change.
let's go this summer ! XD<33
Lmao ugly bitches with cute guys
Just got off the phone with Patrick Calder running for Congress in Maine. Neat guy. If you live in his district you need to pay attention.
Paris, Italy or Amsterdam decisions decisions.
Same here
yeah man shit is going to be great!
Thanks for the follow; delighted to follow back.
Facebook Finances Leaked: $3.3 Billion In 2011 Revenue & Employees Own 30%
Gotta go :/ shoutout to ! I missed talking to her!
Missing MO42. Blown save by Robertson
We're hip!
Good idea! ;)
airplanes don't give guys orgasms, mouths do
Yeas, ma'am.
Getting carpal tunnel from magic piano.
you are so beutiful!!:)
Gruyere, so delicious! BTW I am so in for a field trip to Cheesetique.
I really love new jewelry tools..just ordered a new riveting system that I can use for some new designs..can't wait ti get it!
You are amazing:D
follow back? )
Ebanks is a loser
(Hippie voice) I AM SAVING THE 'RENTS WATER AND MONEY..
Happy to have our Friday regulars tonight! RT : Looking forward to my usual Friday night practice
I love hummingbirds. One of my favorite things about going to NM. :)
In the age of segregation, Washington D.C.'s Howard Theatre was one of the 1ST large venues to welcome black audiences & performers
Due to gas shortages, the City of Albuquerque has closed for Friday, February 4. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Hi Zan! :) ur one of my inspirations i would love for u to follow me :) a total dream come true if that happend :) #ILOVEYOU !!:)
Wow just saw on the news a couple killed their 2nd baby by sleeping with them in bed...how you let that Shit happen a 2nd time
I'm generally 2 edgy for it. More reasons why I can't do without my many alter ego friends who actually do it.
last night was insane. had a great crowd of people over getting down with Naughty and Crooked. THAT WAS AWESOME
hang in there! It will get better. Go for the gold medal!
I don't think I've ever disagreed with he has brilliant arguments
It was worth waiting an hour in the SWISS queue! Got a seat on #LX8 for Sunday.
ha all gravy G but I was at crib 2day and we were going to do a remix with them an on it if u Down
‎"Can you imagine what I would do, if I could do all I can imagine?"
Just invited to watch the Avengers with me Sat. afternoon. since he is in NY. Can hurt to ask, no?
Honey Crisp apples are finally in season! Woohoo!
erica's rap career <<< my shower sinqin.
omg I'm such a fan of you your character patricia and house of Anubis saw tonight's episode <3 it wish i was on house of anubis
Franklin hits a 3 as the buzzer goes off! The #Aztecs win!!
Maria Bermudez will be here in 2 days!!! These workshops will be INTENSE!
Breathing a deep sigh of relief - all my vocal overdubs are finally done! All thats left is mixing. Here we go.
I'm confused by all the enthusiasm for 's #culturomics hit piece. Not fitting trad defs of "work of history" /= "party tricks".
Stallings should really stop complaining. His team has benefited from the refs all game
I'm guessing Lima, Peru or Washington, DC.
Sorry i beat you too it.. i'm always in for another time though.
In the words of Mark Twain ... no, it was Benjamin Franklin ... wait, Winston Churchill?
Omg hahaha. Idek why I dreamed about it!
Nah, we'll keep BOTH our hunky fantabulous catchers! #goBrewers!
New dates coming up in LA and Vegas. Stay tuned!
Looking at a facebook page is different than asking for a candidate's login information
I'm not . Just a huge fan. He is pretty amazing.
Naw, now she's just singing really inspiring songs about doing things for her dead mother. Backfired.
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. ~ Raymond Linquist
Still hoping to find her. Hope she's looking for me too.
no problem man! Many blessings to you! :)
I'm on my way to the gemini arcade lock in.
Via “ we need new children's sneakers sizes 1-7 for Thursday's #RCR2012. #givingback #ROC #RocYPs " #nice!
Wow, thanks for sharing such a sweet, sweet montage! congratulations on little Roger
Let's see if can help you find us in AZ.
Kansas immigration debate still a stalemate
these Sleeping are pills triiipin me o0ut!.
": never got it.... my # is the same call me"//ok boo will do
Hey everyone, make sure you hook up with this winter. Mikey B is the man and has the best Denim pants on the planet.
happy birthday! I really can't wait to see you open for 1D. You're an amazing singer:)
They're selling The Communist Manifesto This place is run by Marxists!
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up a mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide; he exposes himself
Just a coincidence that both improv and birth certificates can be categorized into short-form and long-form?
ha ha. Went pad. Thanks, Scott--I had to do it twice, but it works now.
Done looking at conference minutes for my research!
Way to support you home country haha jk
Dear Migraine god - please back off for the next 2.5 hours while I teach. Is wearing sunglasses while teach taboo?
CayLeigh waited months to get her replacement Leapster 2 (due to my laziness...) And now has had it a cool 12 hrs and ruined it. WTF?!
This fool said rabbits lay eggs!!! Bahahaha 😭😂😭😂. What school u went to?!?
Haha. Tomorrow you can be the judge on whether or not it's misplaced trust. :-)
Chapter 8 Of My #BLS Is Up (: Tweet Me What You Think <3
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates. Now I get 1 bar & it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
like a boss
Today was quite lovely.
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
“: Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems” Amen
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
Snow day in Seattle!
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
Now all we need is a first home-run.
Some girls are like summer, no class.
Well done!!!! Have to say I had a much different emotion upon this milestone-ha!
lol had to do it
Have lots of "move a body friends"! #blessed Thanks !
Taking care of my baby (:
Let's Golf Wisconsin! $850 worth of Golf Coupons for just $12, only on www.crowdclick.com!
ipod do your duty... lets get this.. #nowplaying give it to you.... still my jam.
RT : Let's give it up for chicago for donating paint, flooring and people power to the home makeover!
I WISH! Especially with the weather out there now. :(
Yet the official had two teenage daughters and was inspired as he wanted his daughters to have professional lives.
What's this crap about Apple not paying it's taxes (or asking for permission not to) . .. really? Now? And AFTER the drop of iPad II?Gangsta
have some 5 guys fries for your boy? Missed you over the weekend.
I concede
Slammy Award winner 4 Life. We miss you Owen!
He is going in yes sir!!!!
leave my weekends off Twitter!
Happy 40th Birthday ! U are like a second home to me with a bunch of dysfunctional family members.
gah, help! I'm stuck in a loop!
We're talking #Zags #Mariners #Whitworth #Shock and #Seahawks tonight. Sports is around the corner, come hang out at 5 & 6 on
Go Wildcats! (That's for all my Duke friends...)
doing .NET/JavaScript by day and Haskell by night so far is working rather nicely to keep me programming for fun w/o it feeling like work
hates it when people tell you half a story - especially when they leave the "best" bit out!!!!!!!!
short big head ass midget
Never can have enough runs in Yankee stadium
for the same reasons it wasn't this year. Too much to explain in 140 characters. Come to a PCBA meeting sometime.
"you should call me sometime" "okay" *not gunna do it i know shocker*
Unless it's true. What if it's true?!?! I need to click.
I see al these randm ppl askin 4 2 follow thm an im 1 of thm I mean I try Everything an it seems it wil never b gud enough ;(
About to start Service Layers presentation at
haha he never lets me sleep under his pj's unless he's drunk!
I was a biomed student all throughout middle school. :)
loving what i do and cranking up the office speakers ;)
Trivia Question (without looking this time): Kelsey Grammer is the voice of what recurring character on The Simpsons?
Ditto! RT : Love being part of your community, - great blog!
When is Brian Wilson a free agent? He had a down-year last year but I'd love for him to return to his Boston roots..
Super Mystery Jackpot clue:The arranger on the recording was a novice at the time and eventually became a one hit wonder as a solo artist.
you and them Micky mouse boxers lmao
yes... run by me and some partners. U need to get a copy!
plane crash scene in Foreign Correspondent RT : Hitchcock took credit for devising this amazing shot himself
Excellent! RT: : Check out Makes me want 2 travel!”
they said university of Baltimore and Michigan state :)
Today is my son's birthday. He is turning 11! Happy BD Julian!
Bachman promises to get gas down to $2/gallon. Right after she prays away all the gay.
Proudly turning in my dockside card
That is why both appeared today while "challenging jurisdiction"
so from what i see, last nights show was amazing! too bad i live in chicago, maybe ill have to fly out to arizona for a show..
Nice to meet you! Hope you like our EP :P
#IKnowThisOneGirl who acts like everything is fine but at night when she's alone. She cries her self to sleep.
im fucked up, i miss you too
I couldn't be more proud of you, Dave was right you've got a hit on your hands. #SaySomething is beautiful and perfect like u.
Wishing you a joyful and safe New Year celebration.
We would love to see that work but fear it will not. Nothing does. It's Target. ;)
Peace put Jazz.. Should have never been in the postseason period.
Thanks for the follow Let's get together and put a good show sometime in the near future.
What the fuck are you up to man? Besides making chilli videos!!!
:( i dont know! Hahaha I should still buy season tix lmao. But it's like what $200??
what are you doing frifay
knowing that a certain person has a Kindle makes gift book buying a little more complicated.
Should Have Had A Back Up Plan
nothing much you?
umm ... Gees, must I explain everything. Boredom I guess.
Wish I could be in ATL with you. Looking forward to your blog posts.
i'm sure they'll love it! :D it's so sad though, knowing that the chances of them following us are
I owe $130K for my (yet-to-be) brilliant DH career.
I know I haven't said this in a long time but I really, really, really want to be Helen Mirren when I grow up.
Brewers game, heck ya.
When My Mom Yells EDWIN ELIJAH QUIÑONES VEGA!!! In Her Angry Voice Yeah, Ish Just Got Real.
Diana Agron - fabulous. Lea Michele - horrid.
Pick-up artist.
Summer is right around the corner.
can you believe its almost a month since the milwaukee show and an almost a week since the Grand Rapids. time goes by to freaking fast!
Buzz building in weather circles for possible presidents weekend snowstorm. Still need to see how it evolves, but pieces are in place.
Worth it? Nope. Still gonna fight? Silently, but yep.
nice thanks for the review lady! I'll check it out! I heart grocery stores...
that's for sure... Don't take his sloppy seconds invite for dinner either
Have you considered doing it?
what happened to halle berrys movie career? She is doing a foreign movie about sharks. Is Catwoman to blame??
well.. i have no eyes and don't have the patience to fix the avi lol
“: Once swimming, find a nice draft and relax. Cocktails await your return to the beach ;)” good thought!!!
these two people in my grade started going out on tuesday and everyone is making the biggest fucking deal about it.
$200mil opening for THE AVENGERS. Lord.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou nA I rather not be honest might hurt to much!
Philbrick I agree. Loved all his books Nice too know he is also a good person.
After a busy day at work grab a cold 1
How you make me laugh, how you make me smile, as I casually examine your ass, I like your style..... Check out my book 'A Cross to Bear'
Good am. RT
thats whas up...but i got a new twitter so follow me :)
Oh no! :( " I forgot to remind u guys on thanksgiving that it was my bday! Now what"
Just finished up my live performance and interview for the taping of a tv show performing my new single "You Saved Me". God is good!
I'm just going to sleep this grumpy mood off.
If you people heard the things Flyers fans were saying after the Pens lost (I live near Philly) I say say whatever you want, they deserve it
It is one of my daily faves. And They are both awesome!!!
i just want to be happy. God please. I'm tired of having to be strong alone.
Flooding problems? Cehck out my sandless sandbags!. Always be prepared for flooding. No sand required, no building another sandbag!
i had the win 7-3 when i went out. but they rallied and won 11-9.
I KEEP HITTING REFRESH BECAUSE I CAN'T REMEMBER MY XM PASSWORD!! KEEP THE TWITTER-ING!
So basically...I stayed up all night texting
I'm glad to hear you use them! I tested 3 pair yesterday & settled for the Pierre Cardin make.
i'm about to blow her shit the fuck up haha
Is up to no good and loving every minute of it! Have a wonderful Monday!!
Having a nice time in Vegas!!
were like fire and rain, you can drive me insane, but i cant stay made at you for anything. were venus and mars were like different stars
LoringJStead thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I understand ppl wanting to end the fight now that rush said he's sorry.. Well I for one grew up watching guys beat the fuk out of my mom...
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Animal, Cannibal, The Fame, The Fame Monster, Born This Way, Teenage Dream, Stronger, Perfectionist, LOUD
lookin good buddy. i'm ready to go.
Yes please would love to see it
Platinum trophy in #skyrim. That took a looonnnnngg time
The other guys #To damn funny
Nice running into you at La Reve today, Happy Holidays!
I always wonder about supposed professionals who don't reply to your emails or answer your phone messages when you want a simple Y/N answer.
probably not I didn't ask off work
we are excited to reconnect with you. still getting the hang of twitter . . . scheduling a screening in B'more soon!
Going to some random party? No thank you. I'm too tired for that. Going to sit right here and play God of War.
Ashley from TriplePoint PR here. I'm working on some cool iOS titles, is there an email I can reach you at? Thx!
Knowing God and knowing about Him are 2 very different things. Don't just be a fan, be a friend of God. John 15:9-18 EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
Great work has great reward!
You'll find out who your true friends are :) I love you!!
do we have something to say ? Lol
CSS Jacksonville is now staffing for bi-lingual customer service positions
RT : Early exit polls out of Ohio and Tennessee show a hesitant electorate split in crucial contests.
Can't wait to go home and check out our new Liftmaster 3280 garage door opener. Have more exciting things going on in your life? Screw you.
#ThatAwkwardmOment when sum1 try to be an asshole but realizes they arent as smart as they thought they were
Jay Cutler looking very good today...
"The subject of a fine photograph is not important. The light, line and form – these are important." ~Michael Seewald
The average asking price for industrial properties in the metro area was $35.77 per square foot for the month. This shows a drop of 5.3% ye…
My best friend has had a play called SAGUARO produced all over the world in which this is the concept.
What I love about graphic design is you can do so much with it be
I never kissed a white person.
New borns are hard to please.... #Sonotready Good thing i can give him back! #Sheesh He's a hand full.
All this killing they doin in New Orleans, i wish my family would come to Atlanta smh
check out the #edjewcon hashtag and on website under "community- blogs" and "resources" is where we'll be sharing.
#njinnovation. Call for more engineers. They are right. Jobs Council making same recommendations
PS 90 is over 50% sold. If you have not yet seen this truly unique renovation of a 1904 School House you must visit. PS90Condo.com
Very lucky! Along with a lot of other great VA wine!
WE ARE YOUNG IS MY JAM ! #REPLAY ! lol
Beautiful! Can't wait buddy
Haha I think Harry was flying solo this trip.
Squeal! Finally got Apache and PHP running together! This is a truly historic moment. Time to take a celebratory nap.
. Adventure book for a teen boy. Four teens set out to climb Everest and learn much about themselves. It's life changing.
New Amsterwaukee ... We'd become a tourist destination if it was legal; people could go 2clubs and Restaurant that cook with it
But I'm writing in a manuscript! That can't be right!
Go to dirtydirtybirds.bandcamp.com to download the album - pay what you want, In Rainbows-style.
Why would you want another All-Star on the team? You had Clyde Drexler, what more could you want?
you'll need comfortable clothes and shoes
T-minus 3.5 hours til the live stream chat w/ from ! Hear what he has to say about his new docu-series!
Get up today and do something, anything, that's bringing you closer to your dreams!
RT : Really impressed with OneNote 2010. Integrated audio & video recording, integration with Outlook, linking between pages l ...
Where do students learn information literacy?
Lol how am I gonna make it through the concert.
aww absolutely! thank YOU!!!!
Its always good to see a brutha walk free no matter who you be
As of mid-2010, there were more than 80,000 "skips" every quarter. When a meter is skipped, DPW uses a historical estimate for the bill
Stop taking NSAID's and have your problem checked by a qualified professional to solve the issue, rather than mask the pain and symptoms.
saving that bread on insurance lmao
We're offering FREE registration to this weekend at the ! Sign Up!
thanks so much, Kristina! It means the world to me that you enjoy my work!
it was a successful weekend! So many touching stories captured. Safe travels!
"Trendy" has never described me, and I have no desire to change that. #CardCarryingContrarianTweets ;-)
I'm Finna check it out
Aw! And we love you! #lovefest RT : We love and
It didn't work :(
Yayy I won bitchy bingo
That awkward moment when the sentence doesnt end the way you think it cabbage.
looks like theyre trying to make the palomar mix a twice weekly or daily thing. if it ever stabilizes i'll let you know.
It's Friday which means John D. is piercing till 10pm!
Or they never connected with the person who they were seeing in the first place...sad but true.
I'm in love with this weather!
TOMORROW NIGHT, 8PM an ALL NEW EPISODE of #TOUGHLOVE New Orleans!!! "Can you laugh at yourself?" ***special day and time*** !!!!
I knew that poem was about me!!!!
F*ck...some girl totally stomped and then stood on my feet while trying to maneuver her way past me into a seat....wtf
Grabbing shoes and my keys! : Starting decent into Hobby...
tell them your eyebrows almost got scorched off from their dragon breath.
Beyonce = awesome cover-letter writing music.
I don't even understand myself, I act without thinking then I regret my decision..i won't make it in life like that
I miss you to <3
Beer is the second most popular beverage in the world, behind only tea. Let's crack open a Dundee & see if we can move beer to number 1!
On my way to watch the Hokies play! 36 degrees and sunny at 9am. I already fill that bleaksburg chill.
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson <3 love you bro
wears too many braclets
Clickbank Success Tips - How to use Internet to Make Money Online
I'm seriously in love with the song #Boyfriend by #JustinBieber :) hehe
I need to hear WAY LESS about Digger Phelps' prostate.
only in AZ never at Lambeau. It's high on the priority list though
who got it?!
Here's another product for you.
You're welcome, and thanks for your great presentation!
Ladies always follow your instincts 9 time out of 10 they are right!
I don't recall this
So he told you he'd never leave you...He told that last chick
You can never make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
kids these days
And it's been awhile since i've been on so please refresh me with your name so i can remember you! I'm so sorry!
cant leave cortland yet cus the ultimate skel is still sleepin like always
our record release show is June 17 at the echoplex...
Apparently, the Pats take it dirty when they get down!!
Chibikart: Finishing Touches and More Testing! | equals zero
o okay! thats whats up bro
shut up!!
Mulcair clarifies stance on pot decriminalization - CTV.ca
Hey guys! started a new #dance twitter account in connection with a dance blog! follow me there!
here we go... Joe Cefalu questioning someone's fandom. You got hate in your heart player
Working on Switchvox IAX between different versions of Switchvox today.
Putting doctor scholl's foot slips into my fashionable military boots. I am not above it.
Well... That phone call sucked.
Likewise Love!
I never realized so many people were so rude on Twitter. Wonder if that's how they treat their students. I'd be afraid to make a mistake!
justin is fucking perfect
Life w/kids: RT : Finished season 4 of The Wire in '10. Son was then born Finally watched first episode of Season 5 last night
I love when my wife tells me to have fun adventure every morning! It makes my day exciting and full of intrigue!
HOT Rumor – Nikon Set to Launch Mirrorless ILC Camera
Great to catch up with in Orlando. His sticker books are a big hit in my house!
In exactly 7 weeks I will hopefully be taunting my good friend Josh Herion because I beat him at RevTour in boardercross. Its almost time.
There has been a lot a questionable stuff written about EVs lately. Consider those sources, folks!
Lmao! I know I just wanted to see if u wud really do it but ok baby.
Hahaha. And it had the potential to! Oh how I miss the Simon team! Have fun in Indy!
Shame on #netflix for supporting that pig Rush Limbaugh. We haven't watched much lately - maybe time to switch to Hulu and cancel
Pink bats in Texas are turning red hot..Rangers 10..Angels 2..bottom of 5th.
Katherine is safe.... Figured that.
Yep, Gerry's at the store (Aldi's, of all places...) and is getting some!
I love the comment by the security chick... "you're not going to put that on Facebook or anything right?" Haha. Dumbshit.
Me Home Alone = Loud 1D Music (;
Hi! I can send you a link tomorrow.
All hands on deck at Legends 102.7!!!!
Cooking Up Some Crack In The Lab Right Now! It's Bout To Be A Hot Summer!
bitch answer ur phone
- thanks for the good wishes. It was a soggy, thundery day, but a good one all the same!
that's always fun. Having some gorgeous weather this weekend so I'm contemplating a beach day too
Making homemade stew, cornbread and sugar cookies from scratch. This is what happens when it's snowing outside and I'm stuck inside :)
#Conetrao was fantastic tonight, as was Sergio Ramos. Both redeemed themselves after poor (awful) performances against Bayern.
Wasted Wednesday dawg
Migraines suck and I feel really sorry for myself right now but it seems like everyone else is having a nice day
sounds like one of you needs to get laid. REAL BAD. ASAP.
Mitt Romney needs to get a life!!!..No originality and down right dull and full of bullshit. So is his staff and campaign personnal.
. - Day 2 - It's a struggle, but I am staying strong
did you ever hear a middle sch or older student say he can't wait to post on school social media site?
jeez. guys freaking suck!
Don't forget that the flavors of wine and cheese depend upon the types of infecting microorganisms :\
im bout to take a #shower so i can be
killed it tonight! I REALLY hope they come back again this summer!
my #swagg is
#OneThingILove... YOU. And no thats not a #subtweet that's the truth.
He gets on my nerves
Stay strong. Remember your goals.
when are the next ski trips?!
Calamity Jane with my grams.
thanks a bunch. . just sent you the info you requested. . if you want more details.. i will be happy to provice.
following you, brother
Thanks You! I'm glad you like it <3 & I'm fine & youu? :)
MD Food Bank posted a link on our facebook wall w/info on how u can win the opportunity 2 throw the first pitch at our 7/15 #Orioles game
I MISSED U TO BIG HEAD... WHERE U BEEN HIDING? ?? (QUESTION OF THE DAY)
It's Election Day! Please vote for me today... Touch #78 on your District 117 ballot! Thanks now and always for your support!
Guess who's back on twitter ?:)
haha did they sing grease lightening? Keeping it classy guys!
If you missed on Iron Chef America, The Food Network will re-air the episode on Saturday at 5pm
don't forget my question, and answer! Good night dear, And Merry Christmas to you and your family In Daegu,
HAHAHAHA! I just died when I read that! xD That was hilarious!
Sounds good.
It's ok! I am a survivor! ....just like beyonce and those other two girls that no one can remember
Heard of it, but know little about it.
or Rene Gonzalez or eve Craig Worthington
sing along.
How did you enjoy your time with us last night, Susana?
Miami marlins < one party rule.
at least it isn't Monday anymore....
how about singing about data?
MY BABY BOY'S 15TH BIRTHDAY! LOVE U BAY! MISS U!
Recording with Cory Spotts(Job for a Cowboy,Greeley Estates,Bless the Fall) in Phoenix next month get ready for our new e.p "Timbuktu"
Excuse me, Whoville called they want your nose back! -
so funny!
RT : "There is only one door, one bridge, one ladder, between earth and heaven - the crucified Son of God." ~ J.C. Ryle
Planes, trains and automobiles. Crooks and hooks.
I just bought an ipad what are the best legal apps?
Ain't nobody live tonight
great voice tho
": Spoil your lady on two occasions: 1. When it's her birthday 2. When it's not."
Wow what a fuckface Seth is. No fan of Ashley but what exactly does Seth do except be a dick to everyone?
My ambition can take me far so can god
yep should have by tonight
I hate when i accidentally click on the ads while I'm on twitter
Received a great response during this mornings canvass!!! The momentum is building; keep up the work guys!!!
It aint over yet. Keep it up sixers!!
Writing a proposal for a previous organization I worked with for my English class about why they should use Twitter. :-) Love my class.
wed @ 7pm? L'Atelier or Joel Robuchon Restaurant?
One way to establish & maintain accountability: Whiteboard - 3 wks (cols), people (rows), post-it notes
I can't believe Belmont ( ) lost to Duke again last night by just one point!! Gonna be another great season for the Bruins.
well yes young sir I said I would so #countonit another happy
How can you miss the extra point after all the field goals...
Keep on rockin' in the free world.
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
me too man!
Pussy niggas fold under pressure -- USUAL.
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
yep//“: Mike Gundy: "I think people need to decide whether they want to see a 9-6 game or a 39-36 game."”
we go to Downtown location a lot because it is close. However, like the look and bar of Washington location.
Did anyone else just see camera bombing ?
This ain't no fashion show, muthafucker we live it
Thanks for the follow, Emily! Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3
Happy Mothers Day Mama Schmidt! Have a wonderful day!
You go, John!
j/o or something
Why u asking all dem questions
Just... a little... more... effort, and the term is over! (if anyone has a little of mental focus that I might borrow, please let me know).
thank you bianca they are amazing people need to stop hatin
RT : #Bears WR Alshon Jeffery says his numbers went down as a junior because S. Carolina went more to a running game.
beware: mysqldump --tab defaults timezones to UTC but mysqlimport uses local time, with no TZ choice. work around: set global timezone=UTC
RT : Gorgeous day on ! Join us for Mini Burger #Monday happening NOW til 5:30p. $3 mini burgers; $3 local draft beer
Thank you! You're so kind! ^NE
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you’re afraid to do. After all, you’re only young once!
I would like that.
polyurethane is a beautiful thing
Red Space Gallery is movin' on up!
#GoTribe I'm proudly Yoruba, any other tribe could go to hell idgaf
Keep your mouth shut and your legs open
I'm goin to typhoon lagoon then the party at islands of adventure tonight gonna e like 200 people in the park no fucking lines or bullshit
The absolute classiest.
I vote this scheme forever be banned! No matter the outcome. Same for the ref uniforms. Both are terrible.
i hate those so called friends that talk shit behind your back.
Arizona man shoots penis, check our web page under US & World News -- Baldinger
Thank you! :)
Yep... still don't give a shit about a smartwatch because it's still a watch.
Keep peace of mind in your space homie!
Tweeting from the Fall Meetup If you're in the UDistrict stop by!
thanks for following us. Hope you get a chance to check out our LOCAL SF film, DEFAULT: The Student Loan Documentary.
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
Free screening of the Epic FATHER'S DAY in Asbury Park May 3rd @ the Showroom
I'd rather tell all these girls that want to be skinny to get fatter than tell one fat girl to lose weight.
Scopin' Kandinskys at the Phillips Collection with , and rest of my Bavarian hand muff'd posse.
"I have an Armani vest. If I had my arms cut off, it'd be an Armani jacket."
Do non-elites have two revolving charge accounts at Tiffany and purchase 500K in jewelry there?
I was thinkin about pullin one off to some ebony porn. But I think Im gonna smoke a sky dancer, take a poop, then drink a beer first
PMP exam tomorrow...this separates the contenders from the pretenders!
new boy toy? cute. yall are adorable together :))
she done had enough shame already n deh cyan stop talk bout it
that I can talk :)
Thanks to ! RT : Just gave Youki some of the treats I got at #BlogathonATX. I think she is addicted.
If you want to learn more about The Writers Studio, come to our free class Thursday. DM me if you're interested.
A very belated Happy New Year from Routledge Museum Studies. 2011 looks like being a very interesting year...more soon
Little bull says to the big bull, lets run down and fuck one of those cows down there. Big bull says no son, let's walk and fuck them all
yep obsessed
Kickin off the 4th Annual Stuff-A-Bus live from Arlington Heights this afternoon on ! Swing by & help families in need this Xmas!
naw I'm a good girl I swear lol
<----is so grateful for some of #TheBeautifulPeople I follow and have befriended via here. #Awesomeness ☺☀💚
Considering the fact that it's real, it's like a cruel joke.
Hm I'm drunk and I love it ..yumm yum yummy!
Holy migraine. Wowza.
RT - Cincinnati Reds v. cleveland indians. Let's do this.
Thank you to all you good folks for the new follows. You have a great day!
You should also check out pixable.
Knicks played hard, great 1st half. #NYK showing some heart and playing better without Amare as usual.
Continued thoughts: No PP & PK success, bad penalties, goaltending weakness, only strong D-man was Seabs, no 2nd Ctr all year, crease 1/2
Blagojevich off to jail for trying to sell Obama's seat. Not long before there's bidding for his...Oh my
She'll be using it within a week, lol
A good vacation is over when you begin to yearn for your work. ~Morris Fishbein
Need ushers for NEXT, msg us for more details
I loved the way she said LA
": Songs bring out #Capricorn's tender heart"
There's **
Lesbian sisters are never the best with fashion advice. *ahem*
My productivity is being seriously compromised by
anytime. Good opportunity to grab some extra business :)
I think my subjects are just naturally small -- rooms, people, words. perhaps this will keep me relatively unproduced.
In Memory of Anthony Dominguez :( You will be missed.
#IfYouReallyLikedMe you would have understood why I chose xbox over you ;)
i miss you love
nice watch
In the middle of no where :3 oh joy! :D
hey twitter srry i am late tweeting when i got up i had to goto the store and go mail a few things but i am back!
Pussy run everything fuck that noise!
Thanks for the follow. Love the skyline backdrop. Do you have roots in Chicago or do you just have great taste?
couldn't put that book down this summer!
I have a feeling that by the end this week I will get into a fist fight with
thanks for the follow. I followed back :)
really wanted to make sure that I was awake today.
Light rail to airport: $2.25
that's awesome he's potty trained
Tara got one but if you have time to scan and send the cover page asap let me know!
The Search Agency Continues International Growth With Canadian Acquisition
RT : Today, on National Teacher Day, thank you to all teachers for their dedication. #thankateacher // Amen to that!
just got word that our albums mixing is now done, now just waiting for album art then to cd baby and Itunes we go! ;)
It's morning!! Seeing today!! Very excited! Freaking out a bit! lol Hahah birthday party, and then 2 hours drive! :) Anyone going?
. no I was quoting obama. I would never vote for Obama... EVAH!! I care about my kids future too much. :)
Im done with the whole situation... Life goes on..
I realized how badly I want to see Big Time Rush at the House of Blues in Boston, going to try somehow to go hopefully
Drafting my comp paper on #OpenAccess politics - overwhelmed. Going to have questions about #library budgeting for #subscriptions... takers?
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. ~ Frank Sinatra
attempting to write Spanish and watch #MadeInChelsea at the same time..
Is "founder" supposed to be "flounder" in the last paragraph :P
Shazam the Chevy sonic commercial, hands down the best usage of marketing tools uniting across channels! Brilliant!
Jay, Tebow's bandwagon should be called, "The Tebowbile."
#skyrim would be so much more fun if they chose a font humans could read
No, I don't want to talk about the zeitgeist with you. Why? Because you're wearing cut off blue jean shorts.
Seeing "Pirates of Penzance" tonight at Ashland's Oregon Shakespeare Festival - woo hoo!
This cooler weather is GREAT for marching band practices! How are everyone's shows coming along this season?
you're a beautiful lady!
I'm not worried at all but I'm here for you Lakers Fam. Let them talk, as OUR history shows we always reload and keep coming back.
Job Security? RT : My breakfast this morning was a chocolate chip cookie that the dentist's office gave me...because hey, WHY NOT?
watching the washers scene on Utopia. Not nearly as intense and heated as our legendary matches.
Come join us Billy
So very sorry to hear that Dr. Cole Gustafson of NDSU and the Ag Economics community died over the weekend in a farm machinery incident.
Damn you, study parties. I never get anything done with 20 people surrounding me.
Are you done with the lousy comments. You're on the wrong team!
Nah not yet Mon I'll hit you up with a link once I find it
The Lady #Gators take on #FresnoState tonight at 6:30pm in a non-confernce match up. I'll be living tweeting from the game.
Haha, that was funny
the only salvation i find is in words and music.
yes I like Scirsca!
I got 8 of those last month. They're the worst
Can I call you Patrick? Only if you'll be my sponge bob. Do they have butt sex? Yupp. I'm in
oh what an ucky story. Don't know that dog. Just awful all the way around.
Pickle the beast
The greatest aspiration we have for our coffee is for you to connect with someone over a cup of it. Enjoy your day, and those you hold near.
Hiraldo Rivera is officially voted off the island and sent packing with a hoodie.
Where is someone to wait for Hesjedal?
im on twitter, im on facebook, at THE SAME DAMN TIME
Just flushed a pair of Ray Bans down the toilet. Accidentally of course. Shit. First pair of '12 shades time of death 2:13 pm 5/11.
RT Dinner 49th & College, Greenwood Ashley Furniture US31 & Fry, @
thanks!:):) glad you enjoy it:)
Records include newspapers published by Japanese Americans in War Relocation Centers. Wow. So much untapped #genealogy info.
Thanks for coming in for a crab cake sandwich this afternoon!
I live a modern life.
Louisville is awesome! Models are on fire...
In this life I am responsible to people not for people cause we all have 2 fulfilled our missions & fully bloomed ourselves from weeds.
Schools should not be ultimately accountable for what young people do on-line. It really belongs to the parents.
Did the refs intentionally miss the intentional foul a second time?
i think it would be fun. will you let me ? please ..
#free is how we roll -but it will cost you if you're not "in."
One of these days, Alice. One of these days PATCHOULI! Right in the kisser!
In the lab, with a pen and a pad, tryin to get this label off.
explains things RT he could not play any longer this season with out getting the condition corrected by surgery
Hey, thanks for sharing our piece.
Prep ?s on possible book revisions. Try to get specific answers, if possible.
I've never been exposed to so many puns.
my stomach is growling like an angry bear. this class needs to be over
follow me
I'm taking a shot of chocolate cake with JFK wish you were here
CASTING FIR REALITY SHOW IN NY LATINSHORE@ tweet me for details
so what up?
The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph!
absolutely!! but i also embrace the browns :)
Think it's time to JAMN! Perfect short soon.
Dusty & Aretha make for a fine night of Sunday tunes...
Lindsay Lohan caught drinking on probation. Sentence: watch 24 hours of Lindsay Lohan movies. (except Mean Girls, that one was funny)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABYCAKES<3 *le gives you a million cats*
Hear the NEW song from the Zac Brown Band on the New Music Spotlight at 8pm!
It takes a second to say hello but forever to say goodbye... Moving on is easy but what u leave behind is what makes it hard
Oh my! I'm shocked! They have FOOD in CVS!
thanks man!
I'm starting to get excited about our trip.
all good! Or grab some friends and race the Social Cycle to the next bar :)
thanks alan. hope you are doing well!
aww same here! i was on a scavenger hunt for some shit there with my mother in law lol
Hey (:Whats up?? Only 80 more to go <3
But what will become of his glasses?
God night Twitter ♥ x
Bank holiday and I'm in bed sound
is in Grenoble, France!
Thanks for the follow back. I wonder how much students at FIU are being impacted by excessive tolls on their commutes.
It is Persuasion by Jane Austen!
yes Tagalog!! It's my favorite
Man, fuck you.
You always have to plan for the future. Thanks for the great advice!
I need a coffee mug.
Watch tonight: RT : Tonight! "Around the Corner" with John #McGivern features and 7:30 p.m. Channel 10
#FF to new followers for putting us over the 3K mark last night. Thanks for making our day!
and vetoed my hashtag suggestion #WildWestAssFuck no #WildWestAsFuck yes
hey now.!
I always forget about the time difference, Saturday! <3 Sleep well.
Lunch time Brio
says it well at #Norway / side event at #CPD45: We have nurture our young ppl to help them make right decisions.
Shout out to for being a great mom to the best thing thats ever happened to me NYLA! Happy mothers day!
better than sunlight?
Barbeque one hot dog and one hamburger for myself, while streaming the Nuggets/Lakers game on my porch.
No matter how silent I am outwardly, there is an intense internal dialogue going on always. Not speaking does not mean "being quiet."
Lose followers not sweet
First RHOA, now Homeland!
One of the best breads @ Firehook Bakery, available on Tuesdays, is Russian black bread.
We are located no more than half an hour away from airports and cultural hot spots in downtown Miami as well as Las Olas in Fort Lauderdale.
Congratulations to and their newest members!
shutup. You so sensitive!
I should be asleep.
Sorry to see you go. No one covers education like you do. A huge loss to community.
“L'habit ne fait pas le moine.” - The dress doesn't make the monk, (or You can’t judge a book by its cover.)
February 1930... A ninth planet is discovered in the solar system and is named Pluto. The discover is Clyde Tombaugh.
I want a mustang.
Words are powerful.. "Say what you need to say" - Mayer
Now the only question is.... Am I happy..?/:
i cant get up...omg crying
I think i'm actually ready to be done... 4REAL this time.
Grr, our server just took a dive. Not happy.
Cloudy and cold today in #PDX and I have lost my summer tan. BooHoo
Wow at the play Uggla just made to make a double play. Well, Kemp was safe...still
Hey Emm sorry for the late reply.. where are you from I can tell you the closest venue to see Shawn, and Cody together
If a girl tells you to listen to a song pay attention to the lyrics
Happy New Year from
uh oh wavy hair lol
ALMOST REACHED 600 FOLLOWERS!! ONLY 48 MORE FOLLOWERS!!
lesson of the day: if you wait until you feel like doing something you'll never accomplish it. just do what you gotta do, to get stuff done!
why is that?
RT : ok we see ya fresh cut<< if my boo says its fresh then it must be 😉
Im trying to post on Full Contact forum and it appears down.
Sorry. The Man requires uninterrupted toil :(
Sometimes I'm afraid to speak my feelings, but in the end i know my heart won't let me live if i don't speak what's on my mind.
If your website looks exactly like your comps, you ignored what you discovered during the build.
I don't understand that myself. Has anyone gained followers from a retweet?
Dougco spokeswoman says evidence seized from #Birdman 's home will go to FBI computer forensics lab in Denver
part of it is a people problem -- early patent examiners were not all experts in what they were examining.
:-) Thanks for the love Cris! You know it'll always be returned 10-Fold!! Xoxoxo
LOL I admit I get my hubby to parallel park for me!
Thanks for the heart attack.
I love this tweet! We need to plan a lunch date next week with Sarah!
~Your lives are echoing the master’s words.~ 1 Thessalonians 1:8
Isthmus reporting that lame duck DC Circuit Judge Roger Allen will resign to return to Madison City Attorney's Office. pursuing.
Getting ready to play some upcoming shows! Dates to come shortly!
Alright Buccos, let's turn the corner this season, we've been on this track to long.
Cali has been awesome but we are starting our long journey home tomorrow !
Tired as fuck.
the sad thing bout pulling this bs, buyers just called, staying w/ me, will pay cc out of pcket
Freeway - "Free"
CSS Jacksonville is looking for a Paralegal with a strong background in Consumer Finance $50,000 - $60,000.
The Embarrassing moment when you realize that person wasn't waving at you.
The focus of museums must be on the learners of all ages and must me the needs of communities in changing environments. Webwise
Lipstick found. Halfway to human.
That's why no one likes you :P
Yes I've achieved Total Destruction in Angry Birds Original, Seasons and Rio ... 3 stars in every game, why?
Looks like the sun is finally coming out enjoy your weekend!!
As a former student of Steve Arch, is it weird that I have no love for Cooper?
Happy new year
Can it be? #Browns score?!
Why must centipedes have soo many legs? :-X
My first lesson at #sla2011 is if tables are sparse, don't take both food and drink unless you also happen to have an extra arm.
dude give me the answers
Sounds delicious!
Thanks for the follow man
My 12 yr. old July-born son loses a golf club. I get totally upset and he feels horrible. Both apologized. Found it at course!!!!!!!!
I have lots of feelings about consent issues, looking for more people to talk to it about IRL as opposed to just on the internetz.
Martin Scorsese's Casting Office is back w/ Meghan Rafferty Thursday, 3/31/11. She looks for all types for upcoming projects!
Sign of the times: All land lines removed from U.Va. dorms.
I gave up, watching SNL instead. Would rather be seeing the
They are like a continuous bouncing ball. Train consistently and give them room to run.
Do all your thoughts rest upon the idea that there has to be a "Change"?
o baby! I'm ready for game 2! Bringing the wife to her first going to be Epic
It will be interesting to see how next month's recycled water study impacts our water thirsty future in SD. #knowyourh2o!
Can we get stamped before Glowfest so we can come straight back after the show?
I see 2 black couples on a movie date & I hope they are vocal cause I wanna chime in too about the movie! #funny #
2nd this!!! Happy B-day! RT : Happy Birthday Chica!!!
this i kno RT : RT : ; i wonder how many of my followers have crushes on me hmph *taps chin. | I use to in 1936'
- Beyonce gives an accurate account of our "Extraordinary First Lady Michelle Obama" - I Love the Obama's!
Check out our Wall, we need your input for the Dodgeball Tournament in the coming weeks!
A slow mo AGH cam of the Marlins home run statue? Ugh.
Already 61 degrees on Bainbridge Island...it's going to be great out today! Maybe I can move my desk outside today?
yeah I have it in the fall I'm sure it will be awful
can you register @ the door for the symphony happy hour?
#LaSwagga needs an investor for a tour after the tour we leave for in May. All #investors receive 150% back of what they invest. LetsGo!
Who said I ever went to bed? ;)
NIght tweets! Fully enjoyed my weekend on set, but am definitely enjoying catching up on tv.
UVic to host Canada-U.S. field hockey games - Victoria Times Colonist
Distance sucks. My room is so far away from the kitchen
We have got Rammstein tickets for their show in The O2 - Dublin, Ireland on 2-27-2012. Get tickets for this show by calling: 888-493-0004
What! My Hoyas lost to Cincy in 2OT I guess the Orangemen were praying pretty hard.
should have a twitter touchdown contest.
it sucks so hard! I have to wear little girl clothes :(
I work daily to help those w/disabilities today 1 of my guys w/ autism said thanks for never giving up on me It made my day I luv what I do!
I will be there for 5 days. I would love to see your new place!
You know you broke when having sex to music means one head phone in yo ear and the other one in hers
One Man's Fight With Google Over a Security Warning
yea dont ever wanna fuck with her when she made that girl try & kill her self I wad like damn
Its goin down tonight ME & on the 1's & 2's at !!
It certainly worked on me. And I only took one!
thx for the follow miles and miles away! we look forward to your tweets!
$10 I think
Thank you for the birthday cheer!
We only had 4 school days after APUSH exam this year. Some have been double-booked with finals. No wind down here.
Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years. ~ Anonymous
From a couple of ghosts to the man who knew wild things like no one else: thanks for everything Maurice Sendak
I just saw tweet a traffic report for fellow drivers on the Parkway East. That guy rules.
I like talking about concerts like I actually know the people. Hey Brad, so excited for your concert. I love you.
Happy Mother's Day
I have the iPad, it'll be my email and not my #
hahaha. dumb rule..said that being able to listen is important. But i'd like to point out that deaf people can drive!
Light blues and greens
do you think people would be willing to sit down to a reconciliation round table or something?
Can't wait till PLL comes back on so I can have PLL date days with lmao.
On May 19th 5-9pm there is a fundraiser celebration with the League for People with Disabilities at the Visionary Arts Museum!
Called ATT support and when I gave my name, rep responded "wow you speak english well!"
yes you can, no I haven't
Timothy Rysdyke's bday circus @ moe bar tonite! He's wearing his onsie so bring your ass down and dance, dance till your dead. 9pm!
Not going to force a thing
het getting ignored when your sisters prom is in 3 weeks
at least you hope it appears in 30 days when you sign that paper. :-)
What should I eat for lunch hm
Back in the studio bottle on deck ready to make magic how yall progressing on them tracks
See you out there in a couple weeks!
Crowd is so large we need three waves of peoples mic.
Bored as shit headache out the world
pull them down
": It's amazing how many patients start convo with " Sorry to have to ask ..." Cmon !!! ASK --- plz :-)"
I hate when I change the radio station then a song I really like comes on but its about to end >.<
idk bro I gotta look
Thanks, Ed Lopez Bankruptcy, for the mention on Sunday, April 15!
YUM! I want to crash.
Hey and
Watching horrible bosses lmao funny movie.
Thanks for following! I look forward to some bulldawg tweets!
:) I wish we could do a duet, but we live in different states!
And for being amazing while he was in school! MT : Congrats Shareef Abdur-Rahim on finishing his degree at Cal.
Today, I almost amputated my hand trying to put the top on an exhibit case.
Nearly every man can be treated for ED. Solutions include oral medications, injectables, implants. Talk to a urologist.
Your imagination is the preview to life's coming attractions -Albert Einstein
Why is it that I get so sleepy right around this time that I can't keep my eyes open. I want nothing more than to sleep.
hey thanks for the follow
weezy's on bet and i don't have that chanell , fml. :(
R.I.P. Joey Jimenez. You'll never be forgotten.
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend. :)
can't wait to see you!
To allow our sons to be trained to injured theirs." (Julia Ward Howe, 1870, Mother's Day Proclamation)
what are you guys doing tonight?
I can't wait to get out of this dorm room. A few more months and I'm IN THE BLOWS
Yeah. I think they have bigger issues to deal with right now.
There's trouble afoot at the Circle K...
RBI double from G. Cipolloni and 2-RBI single from Skinkis highlight the inning for Virginia.
Ha! Fellowship. Now we know who actually paid attention.
im sad diggys tour isnt coming to VA but i really hope to meet u again soon. my friend alex loves u and is dieing to see u :)
Hip Hip Horray for 1001 followers!
Happy Tomlinson Tuesday!
RT:“: Up early @ WBAY & WLUK studios in Green Bay lying abt the BILLION DOLLAR SAVINGS 4 taxpayers in Wisconsin!”
Yikes! I've had this! WORST CHICKEN SALAD: T.G.I. Friday's Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad = 1,360 calories! The Nation's Worst Salad
#20ThingsAboutMe 17.) I'm really insecure.
I always try to catch mistakes in tv shows or movies, like when you can see the reflection of the camera or something :)
Think of all the MS Paint possibilities!
nothing really everyone is in bed an I just chatting friends on here
There's a weird part of my brain that feels good when I see how many whiskers are in the sink after shaving. Guys, do you get this? Ladies?
thanks for your warm messages!
who the fuck names a kid "Huckleberry"? way to be, Mark Twain.
why does it feel like i dont tweet or update my fb status as much anymore?? i used be on here all the freaking time!
congrats on the phone call frow ari!!! :) have fun and tell me how it goes! :)
Doctor's in the morning.. 😒😥
u are lucky didn't crack your skull punk!!!
Congrats Cindy on Motherhood tix win: "The greatest gift anyone could EVER be given!" Thx to all for participating...mom trivia 2morrow.
i know. Lol gosh i never knew i would miss pigeon forge so much
Couldn't let go, it stayed on my mind At the end of the night I had to decide, I was thinkin'...
Just set my Velveeta on fire
Love following all the #NHPC12 updates - what did you learn?
will the knicks get a playoff win tn?
Watching footloose.(:
you need to be online SOMETIME. It's lonely. :(
": There are so many reasons why I love ">>But I love MORE
at home watching billboard yeah
I have seen it a little bit. I volunteer to teach college classes at the WSR in Monroe.
SUCcess without GOD SUCks! I Am Nothing without God and I won't let nothing change my mind! #FollowMeAsIFollowChrist!
#ff <-- she has a hotrod and she knows how to use it
Maybe I should stop jumping
#Echelon3000 Thursday *House Party* Live Ladies Free All Night Guestlist free till 11:30 !
wow, you got yourself a lovely bunch of fans now don't ya. That's alright, we love our goalies in Portland.
Need a break from your last minute holiday shopping?! We're here and open till 8pm. Hope to see you guys....seating upstairs and take out
I seriously can't believe it. Crazy!
what a day!
Can we kill this one? Please?
lmao! I did! I was like I parked my car in the parking lot at 6am. That's on time. Lol
Gotcha. Thanks, as always, for your stellar tweeting. Always informative & interesting.
your name sounds familiar. :O
Halloween with my mom is going to be a blast! I can't wait for all the trick-or-treaters!
WOMEN OF THIS WORLD NO LONGER HAVE STANDARDS FOR THEIR OOCHIE WALLIE! UNTIL Y'ALL REGAIN THAT, U WON'T FIND GOOD MEN! DUH
My Name KD In Lots Of Hoods Fck Da Opps I Want Em Gone 4 Good He Want 2 End Ma Life I Gotta Arizona,Skittle Pack,And Hood
U>S>A> Shout Out Maughan
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Slow first half.
Strap broke on my sandal before I walked for grad
Exciting day with Helen Ying reception she is running for Metro Council. Go Helen. Cynthia Harris
Just had a sweet women offer me a CTA day-pass walking up to the train station! ^_^
I back Wisconsin.
want a full report! dying to see soon!
Don't send me crap!!
Brains x Beauty x Availability = Constant
Playing both sides, sh*t that I don't like
Oho! Even better... (Imagine me wringing my hands like Mr. Burns.)
you know it is! I'm pretty good at remotely controlling juke boxes via twitter
two finals tomorrow and I'm finished with LSU.. it's a weird bittersweet feeling.
"If you plant a tree, you take care of it. If you plant an ecosystem, it takes care of you." - SF Urban Permaculture Design Course
I'm not a big fan of the Vistaprint ad: "250 free business cards!" Thanks, but no thanks.
crazy!! Do h have a headache?
You know, I'm gona take back some of those things I've said about Brendan Morrison
hahaha yeah it was hilarious. Not many people know what the fuck I'm talking about but you did! Haha got some brownie points! :P
: CAN-SPAM implications for Twitter and Facebook messages as well as email.
RT : I want to thank all the mothers that birthed my friends. Great additions to society...most of them!---I'll let her know lol
how was the draft
"If you want it done right do it yourself" is leader-follower. Don't get trapped in that mentality.
I need a glass of wine and a nap ASAP before I have a nervous breakdown!!
It's Going Down...TONIGHT! OG BOO DIRTY PERFORMING LIVE @ ELEMENTS ULTRA LOUNGE. SHOW STARTS @ 8 & WE GOIN IN TIL DA WEE HOURS. BE DERE
cause when u smile, i smile! :)
Also, thank the heavens for - keeps me sane in the T-8 weeks.
The MTV Awards Dissed ‘Breaking Dawn Part I’
Everyday I just keep Wong reminded of how blessed I am.
ok no comment on that, luckily the cast has twitter so whatever they are doing i'm with them
Bills never stop nor don't the grind
Sprint network...not my bestfriends these days .... Grr
you are great
Welcome to Twitter! Looking forward to your wilderness medicine courses in January???
Problem w sitting at a middle school choral concert after watching for 2 days is I keep reaching for the X buzzer
maybe its better that way
Nate I heard the news!!! Owensboro isn't ready for big Nate Dogg
i think you gotta follow me so I can reply, thanks
ha lol i dont have ur number but its ok!:)
let me mentioned that your new "CD" is spiritually renewing.
I have followed you to your new home. My home hasn't changed; still waiting for the re-follow.
That's enough from Ted Lilly, thank you and good night sir. Where's the hook?
I did ima text u
wats with the chinese face?
Designing with a mouse is like trying to sign your name with a hockey puck.
you guys are the best haha c:
Nope. Thank you! Added to my recipe file with a checkbox for when made and tried!
This is a lot better than original reports. RT : Let me clarify 1 thing - Mets knew about this, but didn't agree with surgery.
Great! Tell us what they think! RT : #nw The Interrupters and it's really good! I'm excited to share it with my students
Finally up
Why didn't I go into the city today to see & to find
Me too! Let me know when you are ready or if you need a catalog. The new summer catalog comes out April 1! :o)
Even if different politically, every mayor could learn from about leading socially & professionally!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
featuring the finest wines from China.
Time for a new hair do! So excited.
There are two of the smallest kitties in the world in our apartment!
nice 2 pac share today... What will they think of next ;)
welcome to my hometown!
We are on the same page!
#Belly demands a #CincoDeMayo pre-game at ! Tonight. Beer, margarita, and Patron deals plus BELLY check in double-points!
Why do MLS teams continue to play with European teams? THEY ALWAYS LOSE! Chicago Fire - Manchest United
I want to know who let #woman have their own Damn day!!! #repeal this. J/K
Happy birthday!
WANNA SEE A KRUNK ASS SHOW LIKE NO OTHER THIS TELLS IT LIKE IT IS IF U DON'T LIKE IT SUX MY .....!!!
haha I'm trying...and failing...
Now is the winter of our contentedness.
Good work, John! Nice piece.
Do ppl rlly watch Ice loves coco-.-
I<3The Movie Super 8. You Were So Amazing(: And I Loved It So much I saw it twice and got the app on my ipod. I Love you to<3
my stomach is bothering me.
Conditional Past Perfect Obi-Wan on Cinco de Mayo: “May the 4th have had been with you”
Kerry Kearney recording with Woodfish. Kerry has shared the stage with The Allman Brothers, Leon Russell, & Mountain www.kerrykearney.com
eek! spell check :)
a fickle heart & a bitterness and a heaviness in my head .
thank you for coming and the tweet. Cheers
#ESPN knows when to drop a controversial article at the right time. Never want to read about anyone being a potential child predator.
Sounds like my freshman year of college ;)
lame, let's work on getting out of the gravity well
hey!!! Wait, for what?! Thanks love, you too! :)
I'm glad I came here <3
Commission's meeting for organized group presentations of district maps is now in session. Watch live online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
aww I love you to baby. My tummy hurt real bad
I Love The Shuffling Hamster's :)
..or coins & currency from other countries.
is the finale this weekend (5/12) or the following weekend (5/19)?
Swing by sometime. We have rehearsal rooms open throughout the day. If you come by and see people around, come ask for a tour.
thanks sweetie
On my way to a dance competition....its in a Scottish temple.....um?
yo I am in the same boat!!! It's dry everywhere!!
Real_Liam_Payne should follow me.
I always track down people when I find there wallet or cell phone. I have a 100 percent success rate at the moment. Karma
Woulda said good morning but Eat Ass... should stick longer than nice words... :-)
I'll be there. It's my first print judging ever so I'm nervous and excited all at once! I'll be dropping my prints off 2day
Very excited after reading about Chicago's plans for unveiling a 5,000 bike, 500 station bicycle-sharing rental program next summer
Show tonight at 830 with at 400 Bar in S. Minneapolis!! Be there! 5$ tkts through me or 8$ at the door! Hit me up!
Be good. Don't go anywhere.
Being sick is the worst inconvenience
its bcs we are the only cool ones! Can't wait to see u!! Xo
Aww that's bold
impressive! I'd have to go off the grid to stay off my iPhone.
Well Natalie, I guess it #suckstosuck ):
Everyone owns availability, performance, quality. -
Play Angels & Airwaves for the 5 o'clock drive home! Anything by AVA will do. Please and thank you ;)
I mean really though
There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain.
OMG REALLY.?
Love that place, and it's in my hood!
One time my Android phone (mytouch 4g) unexpectedly reset while I was watching porn. Right before my money shot...I was so pissed
Thanks for the RT and for answering my Q's about the Auto Summit!
I can't that's why I couldn't use my moms
yeah! That idiotic American teenager show was on! Definitely put a damper on my morning haha
Love the new face of CareerBuilder! :)
thanks for the follow. Love the logo.
At 1 a.m. today, 570 students took advantage of our 24/7 study space this week in Geisel Library--and there's room for more.
only when i do forehead kisses are they cute
just came back to NYC, only 2 hours and a half left until my concert at the BG Consulate tonight: 121 E 62nd www.bceny.org
How's The Kitty Doing? (:
Should I go to class tonight?
long day of travel..just about to crash
Holy crap. Only 2 more months until I finally graduate!!
Skeetones in Athens tonight with our good friends Pharaoh Loosey and DJ Sean C. 'tis going to be a rager!!
I think I want a cat now......
Love women with nice tanned legs
me ignoring ?? WTF
#James Staten takes the stage. #Cloud Computing: Bottom Line in 2012.
I forgot Nebraska existed until tonight. Nebraska chicks are bad! Hah.
Casey McGehee hits a 2-run HR as the #Brewers put up a 7 spot in the 2nd. Yeesh.
bro we got retarter sauced this weekend
My first WebWise conference: LeVar Burton (Reading Rainbow!) and Halsey Burgund (interactive sound art). Amazing.
Aww, that's so sweet of your client!
Remember when everyone thought Big & Rich where crazy!?!?
I COMMAND #BatMagic RIGHT NOW!!! *Moses Voice*
I'm a genius of love
Yet another incredible night courtesy of .Can't wait to see our speakers hobble in tomorrow.
It is amazing how far you can go when you keep your eyes focused upward.
@ Baby Blues BBQ in Hollywood with my father in law who is visiting from Alabama about to watch Bama vs LSU- Roll Tide!!!
it seems that someone is walking a tightrope across the harbor at 5:15... what?
If you were my boyfriend, I'd never let you go ♥
Way to fight back from 0-2 to get the tie against Slovenia... #USA ...too bad the refs took the win away from us...
HEY PEOPLE FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK
I mean, the guys who run Adult Swim are practically the same guys who created Toonami anyway, so it's only fair. Same with their audience.
dude that would be amazing!!!!! :D we should do that!!!
I don't care what the constitution says, I care what my union contract says.
Wheels up...
ahaa, you welcome! :) .... but don't call me trav
No problem. Thanks for the talk.
Topics being discussed at the roundtables during the first block include; 18th and 19th century journalism, faith-based journalism in Amer..
Official diagnosis: Knee sprained and traumatized. *snicker* I'd be traumatized too if I had to live with me. ...oh, wait.
Lawn mower fixed, 24oz REDBULL down the hatch. Let's do this.
haha nah in no twitter person
l sort of write for myself, less blog, more of a retainer for thoughts and ideas and method of processing new information.
well ... i think i like twitter..!
awesome! what episode
Wild Boar Andouille!! Try some with Inglehoffer Stone Ground Mustard, or my Creamy Pepper Mustard
um by being awesome and helpful and sexy and smart, I would imagine. Congrats!
I can't stand Tom Brady. Lmao
Q: What do you call cattle with a sense of humor? A: Laughing stock.
Pilates today kicked my arse!
Welcome my new followers! , , , and :)
let's talk bitches comoon
Hubby loves his camera and hipstamatic, and I shoot on boring old iPhone camera
hahah, we should start producing songs
Omg this class needs to be over!
sorry i missed you at la fuente! let's meet up in milwaukee sometime soon though for lunch :)
you're just straight taking Men's Humor tweets. get your own shit.
rickey smiley got a negative influence on me. every time somebody say a word wrong i ding them in my head. lol. I just dinged td jakes 5x.
Rio 3D! Not quite Toy Story 3 but still a very adorable, romantic, family movie!
Girl I know it hurt but if this world was perfect then we could make it work but I doubt it
Going to bed now, Cal's been sleeping for 2 hours now, lucky bastard.
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead.
Oops! I should've been more careful using Super Glue!
I want my future wife to enjoy watching ESPN with me (x
Often at times we place so much trust, confidence and expectation in man, & later crushed by their unexpected actions
We are both in the right industry then. But I guess we should help reduce some of that spending, eh.
Thank you Simon Cowell.
Ugh somehow we don't have on demand right now and I need to catch up on a week of missed shows!
The FUTURES of #westbaltimore and our city are in our hands. Rock the Vote Bmore!
ur a star thanks
was up was up
UhO,I was the 1 who wrote her ethics essay on Twitter! MT Off2teach ethics class at Georgetown-my favorite topic in Twitter era.
Did you know? "If you put God first, He will never put you second" Don't be so busy that you don't have a quiet time to pray everyday.
says it's a 4-Star hotel since their renovation. Last time I stayed I found rotten tuna sammich under my bed. Should I believe?
great to meet you today, hope to see ya again very soon!
im watching my movie yet again ;)
what happens in Mexico involving my actions toward my shirt and or Mexican clowns stays at senior frogs.
Thanks Sarah.... Haha!
I thought she knew that my world revolved around her
You can't say somebody said something about me and then not tell me who!
Dad update: needs a new hip (how it all started), has a nodule on his lung, and through PET scan for lung, discovered a weird spot on h ...
Broke a twelve pack of ragu sauce at work. That's a half hour gone that I needed to do other stuff
When Washington planned the siege of Boston, he ordered barrels of #cider to help him through the strategy. Sounds a lot like our day here!
Thanks TDub!! And happy birthday Monica!
This sucks =\
Whenever I delete text messages, I feel like I’m deleting evidence.
Do not mess around with The Hound. That is all. Damn!
thanks for continuing to be brave and honest and beautiful and real. You are a huge inspiration to me.
I'm craving BBQ chicken wrap from Red Robin !!
email us @ and i'll help you with an exchange or return. we want you to be 100% happy with your order! :>)
But me? Of course I liked you. Have time for me? I don't expect you to.
Whatever you need will show up on time
It's usually raining or cold or even snowing for #drakerelays! I remember freezing one year while serving as judge for parade
k just stop cos like..
Heard that was checking out amazing student art at Gwen Frostic School of Art Exhibition last night. What's up with 5.4.12?
Palm Sunday today, start of Holy Week. Blessed palms distributed today will be burned for Ash Wednesday next year.
great read, classy to see people realize what Mr Davis did for the game of football and it's players
God is really only another artist, he made the elephant, giraffe and cat. He has no real style but keeps trying new ideas. Pablo Picasso
“: #thatmomentwhen "I" concretely and unquestionably becomes "we"” ......"we" completely understand.
What a cheap shot from wade #BeatTheHeat!!!!
maybe he's just upset with the poor quality glitter.
totally feel like it.
Watch "Stand Your Ground law in Florida is a 'classic case' of NRA lobbying, money and pressure" on YouTube...
About 20 total
That said, back to I can trust them to get my order right. Seriously, how do you f*ck up a simple bacon cheeseburger?
Remember when the news talks about 50% off #RealEstate, they are talking about the price someone else paid before 2011.
I only figured it out from your pic
So happy you're looking forward to Should make for a great time!
Its not evn my birthday, but u wanna lick the icing off, that body lookin like dessert aye, come 'er use dat tongue to get these boxers off
Romney is scary precisely because I thought NO ONE could be worse than George W Bush.
At my quarterly "Do I hate bowling?" check-in. I do.
for out of it were they taken, for nothingness they are and unto nothingness will they return."
Why do we keep having problems with #iowa they are not that good. Stop the turnovers.
When I don't have anything to do in any class until 5th period my motivation to wake up for the first four is severely lacking.
Hey. What's up
Don't forget to “Like” us on Facebook and write on our wall or tweet to us to be entered to win our GRAND PRIZE Ducati! at #interop!
amazing.. i want another that loves the city, team and us.. to him its a money machine..
realtalk michaela bathroom is the greatest
Christine Amanpour was the speaker. Good speech. My oldest daughter now officially has a Master's in Landscape Architecture. Good times.
Thank you! RT : Spinnin hard were u get that drop at?
Just landed in ATL. Lunch and then on to NOLA.
We appreciate your support!
Google and Oracle &#39;Experts&#39; Clash Over Android&#39;s Java Mimic
This new layout is a Twitter fail, as far as I'm concerned.
I'm disappointed that 's review of the Honey Badger game on does not mention
please email our Social Media Editor at
The Neon Museum is now a TWEETER!!!!!!!
Glad we havnt been arguing :D
We're heading to #aasl11. Will you be there? Come see us at Booth 1009.
me and are giving line dancing lessons if you want some tips!!! ;)
This week's has a feature on the Hennis case from Fayetteville. Really wanted to see quoted! What an NC mystery.
I'm gonna say such narrative unraveling = unique opportunity to point to alienation inherent in late capitalist corporate structure
I feel the same way sometimes! ": How is it that I belong to a million listservs yet still miss all the cool webinars?"
Thank you! How's NM? Going through wine withdrawls!
I like my women face down ass up!
you spelled Pittsburgh incorrectly.
umm I could say the same thing to you 😃
Or as Cub fans call it: The quest for 3....
do u know any 3 yr olds that can play mariokart and beat there dad. well my son just did i feel embarrased. good show today
Felt like I was white water rafting in my car...the streets are flooded! #get itogether
Great Work
i may or may not be watching hannah montana on netflix right now.
I'm sure that's nothing you're not used too.
I like seeing us pick for a position of need. Hope he can handle Pats WRs.
#oomf really needs to stop voxering me
actually lol I have the tattoo :P
I have never seen so many VW buses. Only in #Portland!
i think that little fact depends on who you are hugging
Thanks for that... glad to see some people can still spell!
Glad your on here Weasel! Now I can talk shit to you on here!
those on motorcycles often have a badass "make my day" look. Those on bikes tend to look happy. A "have a nice day" look?
mine just had one last September. 5 extractions. Not sure what's going on but hoping for the best. Vet rec'd by neighbors.
I need to go to sleep. Night
so that means "Don't want to miss a thing" RT : , she's confirmed to sing Aerosmith
I just wanna sleep. :/ the sun drains all my energy.
Spend a lot of time talking to customers in person. You'd be dazzled what number of companies don't listen to their customers.
Proposals, proposals, proposals...when will we have a grantwriting proposal-free summer? I'm thinking 2013.
I thought you told me sleeping with bed bugs is better than sleeping alone?
Get up and out to the game tonight. Weather's real nice, the #Bats are coming off a win and $1 Budweisers.
20 days till boyfriend comes out on iTunes <33 Can't wait
Good morning handsome! <3 =)
Me to.. only because Dre was playing games as usual
It sucks that all those negatives sayings about Oakland get reinforced today. I just feel for those who are affected by this shooting today
Darling, if it flowed any more it'd be coming out of a hose.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleLove "Half Off"
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!✨🌟✨✨✨
WOOHOO. I hope everyone realizes this is just a casual dinner thingy. Nothing extravagant lol
Meet the Boys at a signing in FLORIDA That's All I Really Wanna Do
The average American eats 3300 mg of sodium per day, almost twice as much as recommended... We have got to do better
It is. But he didn't help his re-election chances by swinging for the fences. q:
SEALS, Marines and Real-Life Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
I feel like its a waste of  on buying cut up jeans when I can just cut up a old pair myself.
#WhoeverSaid All guys are the same was a moron
She may look like a perfect 10, but who she truly is might be a perfect 1.
Woot! Woot! Well deserved, long awaited.
Excited for everyone to see the fantastic performance put into my new music video.
I lov how all these amazing people are following me :D
I think your Twitter account may have been hacked. I've been getting some spam DMs.
Congrats to #SDSU Coach Steve Fisher...much deserved 4 yr extension. Presser @ 2pm Monday. Great for #Aztecs and Recruits. #GoAztecs!
And to top it up my boy work here so we got free food. lol
#3WordsForYou give me money
** and come on i wont be able to get on during thaaa weekend
I wonder if this #shirtoff is even going to be legal...
Someone start Pinstagram then sell it for $2 billion and give me half.
😁 yea it did lol well hey Ms. Scales ❤
sunny at my house about 5 miles from Camden Yards.
Oh no, my throat is starting to hurt! Did you do do this to me, ?!!
:) just what i need to get back to grading!
adding some brain rot to my day, watching South Park with two teenagers -- my kids. Really relaxing, and corrupting, all at once.
lol the freaking spider cat thing & masterbating cat one killed me. Holy hell.
Outta work early!
that lupe jam
hate the world
I hope I catch this fish 🐠
Thanks for the shout out hope we can get the change to chat a bit someday, it is my pleasure to follow you.
lol silly girl.
Wow, gotta change dat
Today has been a good day.
Says CS about their phones:"most schools do not get signal." Would have been good to know when *buying* the phone for my son.
what time is it in Manchester, England?
Love watching
Cont. PWD in them do packaging for companies yet are not good enough to hire to make true minimum wage? What is wrong with this picture? :(
please contact me at your earliest convenience. Want to help. U need to use this thing right here!!!
Just passed 300 Likes! Thanks for the interest and support!
Thank you for the inspiring music through the years. May God bless the Houston family. Rest in God. #Whitney Houston
Trying to understand why MLS guy said hardcore women soccer fans are turnoffs. Took me 10 yrs to find a sport my wife loves.
is this a Geisha?
thank you for the RT!!
THAT. Was. Awesome.
According to a social media #library class, I should be tweeting 21X/Day for the library.
Ah okay now that's awesome.
Green tea may help protect against skin cancer according to a study from The Archives of Biochemistry and Biophysics. Still use SPF, though.
All my passengers are asleep. We're about 10 minutes from WSSU. Praying the rain stays away.
i started two books, but found them dreadful and stopped reading them. also read 4 new yorkers.
I'm evaluating individuals. This year is Wolf regressing to the mean. He's been exactly who we paid for.
DeCosta said in the paper he thinks they'll get one of their top 20. Does that mean they're not trading down?
my noon is 3pm
d'aw.
just lemme know when
He's still on probabtion for that one.
Awesome, man. Nice work. Yes, sir. Got the business cards.
Tennessee here I come!!!
Word RT: sending an old press release on background is almost as good as the off the record "no comment." How about: do your job.
Not that I know of. That isn't something we usually do. A lot of presentations going on now, though.
mixed feelings about sites that are totally blocked today, but it's fantastic to see the concerted movement to
They just have a huge library system. It's kind of amazing actually. Reminds me of Ohio.
The History of Perfume
like the writer, I'm making an effort to memorize a few numbers. It is harder when you just have to push a button! No muscle memory!
A trailer for #MagicMike this week!! is gonna be good! And A little Pittsburgh pride with !
Hope that our 3rd Ward peeps enjoyed today, we'll see you all tomorrow (with a special surprise)!
Hey How are ya doing today?
and the 👏
Dows all baby food glow in the dark or just the radioactive ones?
Hello, thanks for being friends!
Next time you gotta make enough for everybody lol
I just want to go on vacation
"High speed & scalability in the analysis of large volumes of data is a critical success factor for companies", said Karl-Heinz Streibich.
Morning traffic ... bleh ...
well, it could be worse. *You're* not spelling it with an 's'.
Up to 141 followers on Twitter...That's promising.
no doubt
Doing some real deep thinking right now
Tune in to 91.3fm Public Radio and Television at 1pm today! Our GM will be talking 91.3fm WLRN Public Radio and Television!
Aye it is ;-) quick quiz question: do you know what 3 or more rhinos are called?
lol that's when you were writing my autograph <3
What's the ratio of people invited to the wedding to people who actually come? My list is out of control.
Cake should never be followed by anything resembling work. Or preceded by it. New plan: cake, reading, cake, Settlers, cake, Netflix
sounds like I'm missing a great presentation!
Hey fellow place fans is next weekend! What projects, ideas and questions do you want to bring to the table?
In my view, the Oscars would gain a lot if they would just replace lots of it with a festival of the animated short nominees.
You can only rely on your drive, and you can never switch gears.
time to get all up in that gym and sweat this weekend out!
Check out my blog! I would love a guest blogger!
Heyy!(: guess what(:
Come learn about being an intern at the VAC at the Fine Arts Student Center!
ya know something?.... You suck. And you're missing out on the 2k tourney tonight
Hit one of us up for a ticket to that show though!
let's go do some yoga again.
Specer Hawes with the all-time shortest presser ever.
The dance turned out to be better than expected! Had the greatest time w| everyone...I'm going to miss all of you guys. <3
oh seriously that means so much ☺
What it do FB Tweet peeps it's on and crackin in the hood today!!
thank you #WorthHiggins for the great #donation. We received housewares for #homeless families that are moving off the streets
Don't know if u fallow ur fans but would appreciate if u fallowed me! I'm a new fan. Heard a few of ur songs now I'm hooked!
Always have faith
it's alright love. It too will burn one day
- if i had a dick i would pull it out & piss on her #nicki :D
My wife has some different thoughts on the matter?
Ridgeway was CRAZY!!! 😁🎉
e everythings better with bacon!
Finally converting from MobileMe to iCloud.... is this gonna hurt?
I pray that all my scholarships, grants, and this one loan comes through. I wanna hit the road to Morehouse this fall and have less stress
No. 11, luxardo cherries, lime juice and rosewater. So Good.
Go back to sleep Maddie..
my eleven year old cousin call herself tryna follow me.. can we say blocked ! why do you even have a twitter ? bad parenting is my call.
If you weren't the Callihan Death Machine, what kind of Callihan ______ Machine would you be?
“Food is our common ground, a universal experience.” James Beard
bow wow woof woof ("please follow me back" in dog) ;)
Can't wait for my shoes to come in the mail tomorrow!!!!
"The Best Colleges" uses these criteria: Economic Value (35%), Quality of Life (30%) , Academic Quality (20%), Student Satisfaction (15%).
Not even watching the game but I know how big Lunqvist is coming up
Tom Sawyer currently playing in MSG. Ha
he said Open Source is a spectrum from "can't do anything" to BSD. But Mike Mendez is presenting a more conventional view.
#Raiders would have no chance with #JayCutler on the field!!
hard decision ..
#vaumc11 Brian B bringing a good word! Pointing out NO under 35 clergy even close to being elected to GC. There are some still on the ballot
Derek, you are very welcome. Have a great New Years as well.
": ijust noticed how ugly saggy titties are tho ... gross >.<" saggy better than none! >.<
(x_x) lets see who bites my new trend settin as 4 2k12
bought a load of vitamins today, omega 3 and glucosamine, im good for a few months.
Walmart has a dunking booth!:D Allissa's gunna dunk me. OneAndOnly<3
who does it remind you of? ;)
its a shame how these niggaz be acting smh!
Hey thanks! Hope you end up trying it out regardless. :)
1 piece of the #EdTech "greatness" puzzle is thoughtful implementation. w/o clear goals, those devices mean nothing
Is that class open to non-portfolio students?
agreed. As a Werder fan I will take their money. Decent player but only when he was playing with ozil but go isn't
This Boy is My Life, iCan't Stop Thinkinq about him.. iThought it wouldn't be this hard buhh iRealize iCan't Be Without Him..</3 /':
sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely great! Provided its the right man and the right woman.
The entire state of North Carolina appears to be under construction.
Time Magazine's new cover is a 26 year-old mom breastfeeding her 4 year-old.. What is the age at which its no longer cool to offer the teet?
Just finished watching “Back to the Future” and after all these years it’s still one of the greatest movies of all time!
A 21st century sentence: "Son, you have to watch youtube or TV--you can't watch both."
Haha oh god..I totally envisioned you in pedo form right now saying that. I'm so creeped out! :P
Would kill for good coffee right about now
got what i wanted now what
Sometimes you have to cry, not because you're weak, but because you've been strong too long..
congrats on the 10 minute play festival - first week in May at The Complex! Good job! you always make it happen!
Feeling this year is THE YEAR!
Sandals on one person, boots on another. It's that time of year.
Just got a MacBook Pro i7 2.66 ghz for / from work!
RT My life can be so complicated>>> Life is what you make it
she said to tweet here cuz she was going to call 5 lucky fans so I TWEETED her and she told me to DM my number and then
Why can't I open my Facebook when I need to!? Argh!!!
Greens and chicken for lunch...yum!
a scion xd what bout yours? Aha yea get both doe lol
Very funny indeed!
Robert Jan van Pelt is lecturing this morning. Amazing!
I love being me !!!
Carters Chord liners, up now in Artist Audio! Check them out!
who else thinks she looks amazing? i know i do :)
My day is going alright; I finally got some things organized. Thanks for asking (: How's your day coming along?
So exhausted. Overwhelmed. And excited about my new job. Making beer for a living is not as easy as it sounds...
honestly I haven't listened to the radio in the last couple months... I'm all about CD's of the old songs I've listened to...
RT : Listening to Mr. Thomas Hayes of talk about Marketing & Branding in higher education. #CincinnatiShoutout!
Wow, you ARE dedicated to hating the Clippers. The Spurs are pure evil for you, no?
Where are you going today #PDX? Let us help you get there! #BroadwayCab www.broadwaycab.com
yes very beautiful! an amazing place :)
I feel like Flo-Rida is just.... There.
I highly recommend it even for you younger folks out there
Welcome back sunshine. We missed you.
Thanks for the mention !
Awkward moment when you have to explain why you smell like weed.... My reply 'yolo' :D
Just started a Run. 52 °F, 6mph N, 47%
So glad to be almost finished with school. What an accomplishment! :D
and one more full week!
Eventful Saturday night
We are going to overtime in #MISLChampionship tied at 10-10 and 15 minute OT to decide game 2
I don't know it all, but I will tell you what I know, never let a girl cook N your kitchen, all up N yo fridge, & next will B the stove..
Can't Wait For The Reunion
Go follow my new Twitter ; & tweet me a "<3" for a followback, please & thank you. c:
That's really kind of you. We know how important it was to the person whose lunch wasn't right.
Not sure but I just bought my tickets - you never know!
I believe beard could have single handedly won that competition.
any but Gooden
Oh girl, I had NO IDEA. But so glad it's over. MILLER TIME!
Just met & talked with ... she's nicer & more beautiful in person!!
lol at Sauce Lab! New recipe??
Damn that made me hungry
lol thats what i meant haha today is going by fast I want school to end so bad!!
that's me and my friend were talking about! I would have freaked out if I saw it in person!
Oh i'm just gonna call my puppy birds for now on cause she like to kill birds.
Follow up work with - Yeah, man. anytime. I I'm looking forward the day we get work together.
I don't think I've told you yet...BUT I LOVE YOU!
you smiled I'm off the hook ;D x
free pancakes with #ihop!
I went to Tahoe today and while I was there the sun burned the hell out of my armpit. I don't even know how. God, damn the sun to hell.
#RnBThrowBacks : Breakin' My Heart ~ Mint Condition
poor but love my job
I have serious garden envy.
your tweets make me sad
Work is over. That means it's HIGHLIGHTER PARTY TIME!
probably 1145ish, but I have speech after until 130
Merry Happy Everything to Everyone!
That is very true coach.
this new science teacher..
It's just this random pose that a bunch of people on facebook are doing, then taking pics of it.
I'm up for a Winterhawks game as part of the fall or winter BOA meeting. Up for a group adventure?
Interesting how often u see "miracle" applied to a scientific advance. 'You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think.'
It was a close overtime loss...just makes it more exciting it's a 3 game series now
I had a really good idea for this essay until I remembered that we can't use the US as an example. Sigh
Happy, happy 3rd Birthday, ! Thank you for bringing your fabulous, behind-the-scenes foodie tours to Denver!
Creepy, creepy little game you play
it's him!
Funeral for Capt. Clark @ 10 @ St.Mary's dntown. Color Gd and bagpipes already there. I'm heading over now. Still don't know cause of death.
Seize the moment. Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart. ~ Erma Bombeck
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 7
Hahaha. I know it's usually the other way around, but that golf clap deserves a hole in one.
that's too cool! :)
how am I rude?
I support ppl who work hard 2achieve their goal.They don't have to wait for Somalia to get its shit together #can'twaitforever
I luv surprises especially when my name is written on it :)))
Another late night at the Foster. Well done, Juniper Tar. Well done.
that's cool baby girl do your thiinnngg
Hopefully your experience is as magical as Fantasia! :) Let us know what you think.
Rubber floor mats in the jet are out. Carpet mats in. Fuck you winter.
Proud to be your second follower!!
Listening to on that tune in NOW ASAP #BackInTheDays I was wearing cross colors & chucks
Study hard for those exams Hoyas, spring break is right around the corner!
yeah what type of gamification? Like for marketing stuff?
Bouta Cook Me Some
another jam session down to the wire! Let's go skittles!!!!
But US humanities PhD's spend a ton of time teaching, too; part of the reason we take longer. The squeeze would be brutal.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
Any thoughts? RT : En route to the Mesa Historical Museum to get a sneak peak at its new aviation exhibit
yup...his name is nick
Man, I need a dishwasher. This is for the birds.....
oh yeah! Those margs were too tasty.
Admit I'm a manual transmission girl. Like to be engaged in my driving experience & feel the acceleration.... #MyNeedForSpeedIsRealBaby :-)
how do you know they play sat??
The Treasury will lose $1billion bc GOP House failed to authorize funding fr the FAA prior to taking their Aug vacation.
when did excel change their chart wizard to make it suck so much?
I joined the dark side. 👿
RT : Yesterday, we saw more than 600,000 signups. It took us more than *16 months* to reach the first 600,000 Twitter accounts.
I'm contemplating doing that... slowly. Might need to speak to you about your experiences at some point.
did that make you feel better
Lunch at hooters. Honey Thai boneless chicken wings. #QueRicoMeng . And the chasm is even better! Lol
Working on a script that's due at 9am.
Another great day in Panama City Beach!
what's good cuz
I'm that guy whose iPod is filled with pop songs from car commercials.
Ohio n teasing cincy n lehigh
Evidence of God's existence! Pittsburgh wins Stanley Cup.
sad not to have Canadian thanksgiving this year, but 2 days off is pretty nice.
Daily Special, Mon 04/23/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
the #BBN already loves you. #9 let's go
I find it easier to make Keynotes on the iPad than the laptop. It's also simpler for me to project during our school assemblies.
The #gohards list grows
riding that right into a contract restructuring
pineapples bitch lol. Im insecure as fuck right now
I love Al Pacino. Watching "Simone"
I'm sorry, but it would be impossible for us to hear you over the UT songs being blasted in this bar!
I went sky diving, rocky mountain climbing.
thanks Shawn. Really appreciate that!!
#Victorious and #iNickelodeonShow Somebody wants to trend this? Let`s help then !!! #Victorious and
I love when you can reconcile old friendships and make them better :)
I'm a lightweight easy to fall, easy to break.
I don't... cope well. I have poor coping strategies. My kids hadn't seen these great grandparents for a while so they're mostly fine.
why would you say something like that. ? People already think you the biggest hoe in the world
Good Saturday morning all! I hear there will be a comet visible in the night sky tonight! I'll be looking for that :)
Doing laundry in NYC is about to GO DOWN!
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
I have discovered how to maximize my business effectiveness from a wonderful personal development program! Ask me
I thought the Heat were the best team in NBA history because they beat the Knicks in the first round, what happened?
Ganna cook sum hamburgers lets see how this turns out D:
More snow in PA!!
funny how I wince at the thought of paying more than a dollar for an avacado but was fine paying $13 for guacamole!
We would love to see that!
: And another thing. While I was at GEPD I overheard GE employees mocking a citizen's feedback. Appalling.
Me and Lupe got a song comin out called "The L's with No L's" .. Peep game
thank u
Hello Thanks for following back..Looking forward for your tweets! *cheers*
wow! Excellent question, depends on location of bar, i.e. that bar could be located near a predominately white biker town :)
Thank god for creating the best plant ever! Life would suck without a lil bit of Mary Jane in it!
Israel, Palestinians...."need to come to terms." Di Carlo
Watched cheese doesn't melt.
Focusing on the act of breathing clears the mind of all daily distractions and clears our energy enabling us to better connect with Spirit.
I was raised by drunks so I became a drunk
What time will the interview start?? I don't want to miss it!!
Remember how Jackass had all those warnings before the show started? Does Teen Mom have those same ones?
LOLOL. Danika and Lisa fighting is funny ;).
Finally got my belly button pierced!
Thanks to #rbtl for bringing the team out to Scotland Yard Pub tonight. Appreciate the support.
It is so good!
I like facebook for the groups
I love iPods. Now I have emoji and everyone else can't see it. Unless they have an iPhone or iPod 😄❤🎶💤🔥✌🐨<---- koahla bears are awesome
Also, sick during finals week. No freakin' thank you sir.
I'm curious to see what you think about our offerings. :) Please let me know.
Love that phrase!
my bad lol I felt bad for him
"You just got punk'd Bitch!" - Miley Cyrus LOL Miley! I love you even more!
lol, accidentally responded with my personal account, how's that for human touch ;-)
like that will ever happen i don't like getting involved in cooperate matters its not my scene but what can a guy do
love u too! Always!
Kobe doesn't trust the Clippers either
My client today had tears running down her cheeks the first 30 minutes and swore it has never happened before. It was the strangest thing.
#AUSA Come by the Naval Institute Press booth at AUSA and meet our authors Tuesday
Good morning texts.....too bad i never get those anymore -_-
2/2 Wall St greed & the fed'l gov't $ to stave of a depression. High profits 4 comp's not reinvesting in US; low consumer demand/unemploy't
RT this post and follow for a chance to win the LAST 2 TICKETS to #KidRockDSO this Saturday at the Fox Theatre!
Thanks for coming out Glad you enjoyed it.
Is there a #'trepQatsi tweetchat 2nite? What time? Stoked to unveil it!
That amazing moment when you're talking to a friend and he says 'say something, anything', and then you breakout into Tango Maureen full on
Yay! I have more than a hundred followers now, thanks for following me everyone, you Gus just made my day :D
where does one acquire such things?
A gonzo look at the Derby, courtesy of Hunter S. Thompson
let's discuss via text!
wherever! Theyre giving us pizza @ meeting so maybe just froyo or something? Unless you 2 don't like pizza & want a meal
Must...go...make...children's...books.
its just on my bucket list =D
So.. you're saying our teams basically need 4 aces to compete. Kind of like my poker game.
“: 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope and Johnny Cash - Now we have no Jobs, no Hope and no Cash.” thx
Have I told you you are awesome lately?
Greenpeace provokes Apple on renewable energy stance - ZDNet (blog)
I think I just put my first Pinterest Fail recipe in the oven. I'll let you know.
tell me about it -_- I'm fucking dead girl 2 hours of sleep. I can't imagine you and tho
Women always fall for the BAD guys who are all talk and no show, but the GOOD guys who actually are good are always ignored.
aww thanks babe
Im your biggest fan can i get a follow and a reply. I will never forget it.
Being Juvenial with
RT : Andy Fox...Surprised he isn't chasing cars asking why they're driving
awesome. I should do the same.
2night we hit at 9pm at the amazing w full live band + (NYC) & DJ
I can't change the past, but why can't I stop it from bothering me so much? My goal is to live in the now. see what is important in present
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quicky! ~ 2pac
[Actually Blue Valentine is a great film].
B1 Live up!
EVERYONE FOLLOW FOR A HUGE SHOUTOUT! ♥ and tell me if u did
Hello my tweeps how's it goin?
Need an update on vps305 server and when it will be back up!
so have you moved to #NYC or do you just have a apartment to stay in the week while you do the five?
Basic bitches always bragging about their body and face, but never their brain.
We're going to get spammed again? DMs are working again. Look out, Twitter world.
#FF Chicago Favorites
Good morning everyone.
Why didnt you come to Chicago with !?
this last bit of hump day is a tedious climb
Sweet story!
Go listen to and new EPS today! check out AHP #facebook page too!
Personally, I take Jack
This kid puts GTA IV in my Xbox and screws up my TV
Anything to feel more confident in an interview.
Wow, 11 police cruisers at the Seal/Orion/Ambassador hotels on south Aurora & 120th-ish. Anyone know what that's about?
my guess would be coffee
sat transmodern was ecstatic beyond words! H&H & World Meets
Mason & Myers is live on 1450am! Tune in to catch the latest sports talk around the Kentuckiana area!
100s of comments when the 'gamer theory' site when it opened in '06
Ernie's Chandler: Crabcake on an English Muffin w/ Cheese and Tomato
David Harris know's his stuff. A publisher's experience combined w/ Nobel prize laureates creating turnkey OER txtbks=CHANGE
this biology test hard AF!
Aw, thanks, both of you!
Tired af ; time to knock out !
How's the 'Kieferothophäde ' Junge :D
24: 1 every hour. I dare you to! RT : How many red bulls are u allowed to drink in 24hrs???
lmfao hell yea
UGH...is there a "tummy bug" going around or something? Migraine, pukey, tired and weepy. Sorry, yeah I'm having a pity party...
No surprise there! Karma will get all of them eventually!!
Bruce Arians may be the Colts new OC by Monday. Arians was Manning's QB Coach for his first 3 seasons in the league.
Anyone have any tips for studying for the ISC2 security architecture concentration?
I miss him ✈
I LIKE PUPPIES TOO LOL
School registration's tomorrow ..
All the time!
If left-brains decide that routine work has no value, who'll maintain escalators, parks, & printed literature collections?
Now Following good look on the follow and make sure you check out www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 thanks a lot
Staggering: 79 million men in America between 25 and 65. And nearly 18 million of them, or 22%, are out of work completely.
chec email my g
I'm actually scared to go to school tomorrow cause of all the work I need to make up
understatement of the year! lol.
Hahaha I MISS YOU TOO!!! Me, you, and jamie!! This week mk?! aah and HE DOES!! Its redick!!
Happy New Year!
Is everyone from NY a rude a**hole??? Or am I just lucky to meet the only ones?
Bored, lonely, and watching a scary movie by myself.. can't get worse than that lol
Unambiguous Recommend :: 'Clock Without Hands', by, Carson McCullers. A masterpiece on race, class & individual responsibility! (RIP : 1967)
Off to check in to our hotel and hit the #LFI2012 show floor... We'll be posting our #LED finds now thru Fri! Bye everyone!
We are open from noon to midnight! Stay tuned for today’s deal….
no judgements here. Naps keep me sane. I think that's still working out for me....
Done taking 267 from this day on.
Happy Easter!
Saw some dude in my office had a shirt on, pretty bad ass. Totally gave him a bro-five and chest bump.
Standing ovation at the private eyes performance yesterday. Cast was incredible!
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear "STOP,POLICE!!"
Wow that sucks. What a great dog. RT Bummed to hear that Brewzer , the #RedSox spring training clubhouse dog, died
A3 Consistency helps you stand out in a talent community
haha I feel like a noobie to this LOL I think it's hilarious LOL
well we r sittin outside his house now lol. Can u cum ovr we scared to knock on the door
No one will ever understand what you feel up to going through the same situation. (Demi Lovato)
if you can't name a single fighter on #ufctrainer, please don't buy it.
scored at the Gordon Ave Library sale today
Ran into exhim... me or catch me on the elevator
#Columbus is crazy right now! Stay safe!
none of you handled it correctly. you all blew it out of proportion. so take your little group and enjoy your concert.
He looks hot, but does he make your heart stop when you're gettin' busy in his piece of shit car?
No, I still don't know where I went wrong.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.-- Albert Einstein
wow...ME...with all caps even.
Whoever says women can't drive has never taken a cab ride from one. So much better.
Thanks to all our guests that stopped in this last weekend, thanks to front and back of house staff for doing what they do best!
#komen lost donors on 2 sides: pro-life, anti-PP-ers with moral objections to PP & pro-PP contingent for whom brand is "dead."
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” ― Marilyn Monroe
Come back to Boston soon? I need to get to meet you, it was sad watching you from the ramp above earlier :( x
its only monday kenneth! Ill see you tom for sure
Topol giving a spectacular talk @
really you don't follow anyone ? Hmm
movies with k jizzle!
Providing Discounts for Group Reservations visit our site and Seclect OUR SERVICES. www.myvegaspeople.com
I created one last nt gonna post later :)
well said “: Big time ups for that. We need more lifelong families to do that.”
hi can u wish me good luck tomorrow i have terra novas?
Thank you to Andrea Sanders for booking with us today.We look forward to being your entertainment at your wedding in May 2013.
Bored... Come Save Me!!!
sick free
listen to any album by k-os. Best rapper in canada. Also don't forget swollen members, kardinal offisial and choclair
are you close to the mayorship yet?
She might not be Da finest gurl in Da world but After a couple of drank she gone look like beyonce....
Morning people its one day closer to Fri hope everybody has a great day!
City Lights- My Entire Life.
haha was that you at the end of my neighborhood? I knew it was haha
Suspend That Guy Now RT:RobbVogel: Quote of the day in the sports office "I knew Shaun Marcum was going to have a big year"
Don't you just hate it when you have a bad bun day?
I hope this isn't Fonzie jumping the shark. Once Who Wants 2 b millionaire brought back contestants, they lost me.
I love me some Family Guy & Sponge Bob though
2Pac "Dear Mama" just gets me every time. Dear Mama I hope you know you're appreciated! Everyday should be Mother's Day
I'm at home with Sally.
I'm using a storage POD right now to help move
so glad to see john simpson is riding his bike again!
love it ;) saving!
Great talking to u today kid!!!
are you after Xavier again?
Whatchu got is far beyond compare
Flaming Saddles, gay country bar in NYC is hilarious!
In my death, people will understand what I was talking about
Good night, Anita. Sleep good and get alot of rest for tomorrow! :)
just ordered an jersey shirt
How crazy was my day today? well.. i took my phone off the charger at 3 a.m. and still have a full charge
haha! I remember that. "A little diamond dry and it'll be playable..."
thank you! Built it on weebly, lots of tweaking along the way
after 6 years of listening to all of 's music i finally get to see him live tomorrow :')
When Will You Ever Notice Me.?)':
Epic save by one young "Zachary Gunderson" from Provo, Utah! He straight picked me up on the side of the highway like it was 1966!!
People forgot how to care about others
make sure you #FOLLOW he's almost at 1,000 followers
badgers up to 10th.
Is there problems with your service in Madison right now? Having tiling on HBO:-(
you know it!!! Go
hey follow me
I'm here!! What's up!
The Descendants was fabulous! Great performance cousin George!
A 10% cap exists on child support for the maintenance of the non-obligor in the child support guidelines...
It's so good to have a nice, long #DowntonPBS chat with after a crap day at work.
If the cats will actually let me leave the house (all the cuddles right now), then I'm a self-imposed #saturdaylibrarian today.
Yes sir, I can!
CaptSwagAlot be the GAMERTAG..FWM and get smashed on any game!
you have no swaag! :)
Carl Luna and Tom Shepard on restoring civility to politics and civic discourse
Yum. Thank you for posting.
I went up a size on the #EXPRESS skinnies and still felt like a stuffed sausage; they're designed with plastic models in mind :(
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
I love her so much!!!
thanks 4 the love shorty keep it #3hunna baby cuz I keep real
great! Just preparing for three awesome shows this weekend!
Thanks for the Weds Shout Out!!
Jason Garrett is bad
Much love bro. Appreciate it.
thank u and hope to meet u one day:) I hear good things about u
in Kentucky and Illinois... just corn.
Hi Karina, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
we are socially preconditioned to behave a certain way. Great things happen when you're able to breakaway from such nonsense.
Re: last tweet -- Not a veiled Penn State criticism. Don't care about JoPa. DO care about Jaffa.
sherlock holmes 2? BEST ending ever!
Every morning I read your horoscope to see how you are instead of texting or calling
I know seriously I'm only 10min in and I've said Awww like 20 times
SCOOLS OUT LETS ROCK N ROLL SCHOOLS OUT LETS ROCK AND ROLL RT IF UR GLAD SCHOOLS OUT :)
When it rains it pours! So happy for a turn around that is coming my way! Thank you all for your love and support! I'm #blessed!
My first response is "gross" my second is right-click-save.
Thanks! I appreciate any information you can give me!
Brunch Time, where should i go? Villa Mayfair Or Juvia Or Backyard Boogie
Bordeaux Futures Hit the Market, But Is Anyone Buying? (Wine Spectator) Recent days have brought top wines like Margaux and Haut-Brion; w
Wishing all the mothers in TwitLand a very special day.
u missed tha whole week, lucky ass
My dog has some nerve! He just sat in my lap and asked me to give him a tip.
Yep, and Republicans would be patting themselves on the back. Alls fair, right?
I don't think the hard or easy test should be removed, keep them all. I was agreeing that it was easy.
Yeah #jackplotnick is super awesome!
Thanks for the follow!
#DearWhitney When I was a teenager I saw an amazing woman conquer the world. Who else can compare? I will miss you. ~ Sherleen
4-0 now? How the F do you give up 4 runs to that piece of crap team? SMH
beautiful day today! off to bed early before another great week. :) z...
- Great Quote - should be a mandatory morning anthem!
Oh no! : Filene's Basement on Sawmill Rd will close Oct 23 due to a leasing dispute. DSW will reopen, but Filene's will not.
I do for sure team Mayhem rules, Bisping is a wanker
Tomorrow Night The Grand Opening Club EROTICA 21+ Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 562-307-3589 For FREE ViP List/Bottle Service
Thank you for the ARL link! (much belatedly)
wow, this was your first official tweet. LOLing
I would but my dad is using tv and my brain is still fried ;) $$$
No Am president has ever supported a major expansion of #civilrights that has not ultimately been adopted by the American people - Bloomberg
What can possibly be better for the earth & its people, than another Trump luxury Hotel!.really!...
Had my first New Orleans egg custard snow ball. Different and good, but not like home.
take your Time :)
Preparing to attend Supply Side West in Las Vegas next week.
Great Zombie Costumes have come in to WIN a CROVEL EXTREME! We need 1,000 "likes" to send it to a winner. Spread the word...
4 things I like about A.L.E.X.: A=adorable L=loving E=extremely cute X=Xtrodinary
love it :)
Watching on Jimmy Kimmel Live!
you are so sexy! i had to stop what i was doing and think about what i would like to do to you!
On the other hand, the students are running with the lesson and getting cool audio
His stimulus was puny compared to the reality.
in actualized, TOMS are amazing, i was just unlucky and happened to get my shoe caught and it ripped a hole
did he take BP?
Seemed dope as fuck
Simpsons set in Springfield...Oregon :)
you tell 'em
lmaoooooo o lordyyy and u know I would too! Xoxo
Okay I just woke up please tell me bayern won!!!
good escape from the black hole of infinitely recursive circular logic
Wprth repeating today: vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL.
When you google "competitive cyclist" (a high-end bike e-tailer), my team's site is on the 1st page of results. Nice seo work, guys.
I'm totally going to wear a fedora tomorrow.
I want to be your lover! I wanna wrap you in Rubber!
traditional industry didnt need influence scores. How can u set standard if u dont know the industry
same haha but they really deserve it. They're some of the sweetest most talented boys that I know
Life is a ticket to the biggest show on earth.
Konig Ludwig weissbier on patio at Dingle House Pub in West Chester, OH. Refreshing!
Btw middle east is not a continent...
oh you mad?
I just retweeted ....
Found $10 on my walk home from work. Thanks, karma!
Life is too short to not do what you want
Wow. That's serious redundancy. I don't even plug in my camera to get photos off. No way I swing that diligence in backup
I use Twidroid and think it is pretty great.
definitely hitting them up. any other places you like?
Our definition of happiness lasts all day. #WBC Feb 11th, 3p. RT : Sucks that your definition of happiness lasts 2min
Good to see friends I hadn't seen in far too long today.
I have only one thing to say to the tax increasers. Go ahead-make my day.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Wait... What? You're having squirrel for dinner and you didn't invite me?
I love u more than words can explain .its a shame I'm bein left alone
wait, you have Jordans number!!! i wish i could call him!
So many theater openings tomorrow night in Philly!!!
RT Hungry and stressed? Take your pick from these 34 healthy de-stressing snacks—such as pita and hummus...
We absolutely can take care of that for u. Charge depends on a few factors. E-mail me details I'll investigate
Tommy ruins the broadcast for me. I love Gorman though. I prefer listening to Grande and Max.
I actually took my BG from Austin's icon,it's his :3
Hope you had a good NYE! Was wondering if you had a chance to finish No Gender Left Behind. No worries if not :)
Rut ro... RT : Look out for my forthcoming post on the biggest unjustified egos in Boston tech
¡Like! Someone once said it's like telling the Irish they're English
man, was just thinking about how epic a #Lakers #Heat #NBA #Finals would be. wow
Yoo I have to give you my new number you'll have it by Friday my G or sooner
follow me I LOVE YOU
Working on starting a blog and trying to think of a good title. Any suggestions?
I don't know why I still come around, I told you I wouldn't be here waiting. But look at me staying around cause that's what you want :\
fair enough - perhaps bad title. Just trying to make the point that we need to do more early...but appreciate the feedback
Hungry and blissed out from yoga at the grocery store. This could be dangerous.
thanks for that, now fixed :)
Happy Birthday! I hope there is cake somewhere in this day for you. :)
Time to wake ya ass up and get this money
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-18
I dont either! RT : am I the only one that doesnt care that tomorrow is opening day?
Got a lot on my mind and super tired, so heading to bed. Goodnight.
haha i know right? I just wanna get an upper west side apartment in NYC and fill it up with all their shit
Good morning home biz folks - what do you use to recharge and help you reconnect with your big goals in business?
Thanks for the follow. I like your site. Something different.
What was your 1st digital camera?
im me if u r horny
Hey Do you still make crowns? I want to use them in a lesson for middle-schoolers!
Loved tonights episode!
Mayans may be right about 2012. With dick clark dead, how will we ever get to 2013!?
I didn't see a bike outside today, maybe they sold it
: my name is max and i should never leave my twitter open on scooter's computer.
Hey you. How's motherhood? Miss ya.
Very nice. I would of loved one - but maybe next year :)
praying for friends.
Nearly cried on #TVD tonight. lmao
Hurray! More guilt free wine drinking!
my mothafuckin throwback jam
#wov12 listening to jennifer christie top diversity officer american express talk about transparency
Everbody gone to sleep on me. :-( my bf went home to early
Let's do 100% of our work communication via Twitter mentions from here on out. We'll be a hit!
I loved that series #boardwalkempire #emmys.. did it win? are they going to make more?
snort everything.
I got all my final grades I'm still holdin a 3.5 and I only got 3 classes next semester and I'm done
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Hiroshima Barbie ...just a shadow of her former self
Would you like free promotion? Please email me at and we'll get you started!
What grade are you in??/
Thanks for the Shout Out tiger :D This guy is a champion
OMG watched - one thing!! Amazing been waiting for school to finish so i could watchi it!! Americans loved it!!!
re: GG coverage: Hilar reading your views and everyone else I follow--what you love, they hate. Sight unseen, Stylista FTW!
#HAHAHA RT : This is not a joke: Just heared a rumor that Sandy Sheedy is "exploring the idea" of running for mayor…(to be cont)
Do people in the UK actually buy that stuff?
Not cool. I want it deleted and I want you to chill until otherwise advised. Understood?
Me and my friends overstay our welcome at every restaurant we go to..
i'm glad you will, and I hope you like it. The first 9 parts are online as of this moment,
what a chance for the Rangers there
Same here. I'm looking forward to the contrast.
NOOSE in the NEWS!! Can u believe this? MG, read this & more @ julieforjobs.blogspot.com/ & go to minorityjobs.net for free resume!
Thanks for your retweet and thank you for your donation to the National MS Society. It warms my heart!
I so wish could get on that show even if I was just an extra! Wonder were there filming it?
I wish i had a black friend so whenever we're together i can sing black and yellow, black and yellow
I try to limit the amount of meat I eat
my 3yr old son Emory (listening to whippoorwills call & response) says: "BIRD ECHOES!" He sings along w the birds!
Did you know? Fountain Hills, Arizona was previously recognized by "Parenting Magazine" as one of the "Top 10 places to raise a family".
Referrals from non-clients = $20 gift card to dinner!!! Limited time only!
Weird nigga posting about other girls boobs .
Elizabeth Taylor, Steve Jobs, Jackie Cooper. Sad.
Good morning
and yall call me weird
The Age of Mass Production in Age of Homespun clothing. Scratch the surface and the real character is revealed underneath.
Our baked goods have never looked so delicious! Stop in today until 6:30 and get yourself something nice for
well unfortunately we can't go now.. My parents decided they were cooking family breakfast.. I'm sorry :/
yes! I couldn't believe it. I have even heard "they wont come in if we provide to much outside of the museum"
Tuesday at Whiskey Chicks means OKC TRIVIA night starting at 7:30! Half price appetizers or $9 bucket of domestics with check-in!
like I said its one game. No biggie
The firing squad fired away.
It is ASTONISHING! Little Women - the musical opens Friday 4/29 call 619 594-6884 to get your tickets!
Marc Gasol is pure fat, but he's a beast.
haha. Don't forget about the diversification!
Well, that didn't work.
Hey now, whats this all about?! Did Mason get a yes letter?
That would be like picking our fave child! Excited for them all. Spread the word. The more people informed in Atlanta, the better!
She's back
that is a good question!!
Can someone in Union Square tell the people why they're there?! Talk about corporate personhood, The Fed & the military-industrial complex!
Mackfest was seriously too good of a time
Something is hacking tons of twitter accounts today. I've had over 15 messages saying to check out what someone is saying about me.
I'm still kinda amazed at the lengths people will go to keep tabs on me...I really am not that important.
Spell "illuminati" backwards. Follow it with ".Com". Result? Mindfuck!
Just woke up and thought to myself, "Wow...what a great day to be a genius." I'd love to hear how I've inspired YOU today?
Rondo goes down HARD on his left arm and helped outta the Garden.
Custom Designed Invitations ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Theme Development ★ Consulting ★ Graphic Design
Soon I'll change up the look of the other account to reflect the focus/direction it's taken.
safely arrived yesterday around noon - started packaging right away! A few handfuls went out today, as we got in the groove...
means you had a good night.
hot here w/ humidity>no one wants 2 put their hand in their pocket here -unless there is airconditioning- indoor pocketing!
I'm craving some pancakes. 🍴🍴
dam wish i got chopped today but shit i had me a lil gud ass day
how did Keith get out if it???
Hello Sean Weatherspoon
Thanksl 4 your great support last week of Cupcakes 4 a Cause. Special thanks to Bob Clark and Channel 4 News. We raised lots 4 CancerCare
needless to say i feel your pain.
did you find me
So there's this guy... <3
Hope it helped! RT : I am in a hotel room and sick, with a business dinner in 2.5 hours. Thank God for Stash mint tea.
looking at the biggest loser and dancing with the starts...
"A dream is a wish your heart makes"
RT : Milwaukee's Jaill to release new album, "Traps" on 6/12 via
Hey Bro, thanks again for the analysis. I do think it's what I've been looking for and will make a viable film now
Snowing in Lincoln Square. Guess Christmas is just around the corner, like all the retailers keep telling me.
YOU HAD ONE JOB. Just take the stupid pills and you'll feel better!!
Dr. Hansen to blue tail flap: "It kind of hurt me and (trainer) Mike's (Maker) relationship. We're going to have to talk it out."
want to sleep but can't
My baby nephew fell asleep on me and I accidentally dropped my phone on his head while I was texting. Lmao! It's cool tho he's fine
NYSED says - Quality rating of SLO are not a factor in the score or outcome of SLO HEDI rating
Let's get this going! We are filling up fast! Get down here the breeze feels great
good grief
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
- nice job! Now you need to come do a fund raising event in Pittsburgh!
I WANT A LAP DANCE FROM HIM
bron made up for the flop
I wish I had an almond snicker also, they are so my favorite. LOL luv ya
Ill be 20 next month lls
love to see a pic of this knowing that you are not a dress kind of girl..... Have a great day
ty. u to
haha I don't know about monster! But I practiced some in the off season and I guess Coach Frazier thought I could be OK
Wow! Did anyone hit the floor?
Pop / Pop punk bands email me! !
You just need to pick new sports teams RT" I hate life"
Truthfully, niggas making this too easy
Thank you for the #FF! Ian, come get your special poster next time you're downtown!
want to do a 5k at the end of may?
#TheLord always comes through
are you guys going to be in newyork this weekend.
If North Carolina wanted to stop gay sex they would be all for gay marriage, right?
Thanks for the shout out! Good luck on your Oct 1 fight in AC.
we are in the exact same building just 2 floors above the current space.
Watchin chicago sports tuesdays, blackhawks and bulls with
sorry for most of the shitty television on now a days.
Lobby is clearing out now, individual speakers to begin in minutes on 6th floor. Stay tuned!
Why can't it be both?
Night a(: going to bed that sucks O.K bye
Steve is presenting at SCOPE today in Miami. #SemTech to revolutionize clinical trial data management and analysis!
"They say that true love hurts but this could almost kill me. Young love murder this is what this must be."
I just want to buy shoes & clothes I need a sponsor! Any takers? :)
Well I'm doing what I think's best for me: better school, better pay at work, and only an hour away from Ty
Only thing I'm scared of , is knowing one day this life will be over. (saddest tweet lol)
yeah that's what I meant. I was just saying it'll be hard because I wrote for fast flow, which I'm not 100% used to.
Before you judge me, make sure you're perfect.
Sweet home Chicago countdown: 7 days too many. Graduate school finals are no picnic.
Can't sleep. WTF
U Know U A Hoe When Your first name is Paris or your last name is Kardashian.
party in nh millys dollar drink night :)
Hiya we on same page. Got ticked off when I found out a "super fan" bullied someone
Salutes to all my Get Money people ...and whole camp # Garilla Family Records / B.H.P / Rio / /murakulousbeatz / Purp & u
This is a hard game to watch but Denver has zero quit.
No You aint :/
U a lmfao lol bt I still love ya
well if Mr Jones likes them then they should be great :-)
It's still my birthday for 4 more minutes so let me just say THANK YOU Y'ALL for your good wishes. Here's to making a speedy recovery. :)
nah but I really do like the dude .
Haha guys... We need to be more appreciative of our professors... they make Georgetown great
And I will miss YOU! Maybe I will host one in NYC this weekend. Who's up for it?
Wrote the best line of work-related BS ever today. Pretty sure I just leveled up.
How lucky we are to live in San Diego! What fun things do you have planned for the family this weekend?
It's a Taylor Swift kind of a day. #np "Come in With the Rain."
boring day
The Lollapalooza line up just blew my mind, chili peppers and black sabbath, are you fucking kidding me?
well, I'm talking about over a decade ago and my main problem was the source code became a black box other tools couldn't touch
The collective genius of elite economic gurus meet here for what? To pat themselves on the back as the world kicks em in the rear ?
But does it ever love you back :o/ RT : I love news.
i miss football season!
can't believe i had forgotten how much i love Justin Timberlake.
you'll get the hang of it...but I need to talk to u! Txt me:/
I once wrote an email on emergency evacuations and stated "ass captains" instead of "assistant captains" - went out to 100+
A8. I would actually teach normal people why they should be on Twitter. Twitter has sucked at explaining itself.
Adding more to my portfolio
Working late and about to watch/listen to the Flyers kick some Devils ass.
<Singing> I give you more via Lawerence Flowers and Intercession
working on ways people can help. Stay tuned
Sponsorist allows anyone to buy and sell sponsorships for events, groups, and teams, with a portion of each sale always donated to charity.
U lame lol
INformation for auditions on the website #ROCKINIT contact me on the following contactments
My wife and I are both Cancers. And....her bday is they day after my mom's......
It's moving time...
Note to self: attend SXSW in 2013.
I don't think any female can compare to the amazing friendship and I have <3
Can't believe #Chargers lost this 06 Playoff game vs #Patriots. Totally outplayed em but couldn't convert on opportunites.Feel bad for them.
aight..no doubt
HA! that does sound way more appealing.
can I be totally nosey and ask how much? I'm going to look at running shoes next Saturday
OK, so if you really think about it, folks, we're all working for free today. Just putting it out there.
thanks Lance!
Rocked at Cadillac Ranch with Curtis & Luckey and operation troop aid. Great CMA Fest this year!!!! Three more shows today...living a dream!
Tell him to "put a ring on it" Peggy!
From what I gathered from all the talk the last few days. Either it was/is Geno or Brooks who has issues with Sid. #?
save the idjits! But mostly, save Bobby!!!!
Pray for peace, but prepare for war
yea im like y i got all these direct messages tht i didnt send out man
#Thingsilearnedfromtoby:Jump in a giant room completely not seeing the obvious button
#Sixers just.. Common.
Wondering where to eat for lunch? How about in the #firestonedistrict! Can't go wrong with Greek or Irish cuisine!
inspiration and realisation : Fashion and Home DIY: DIY D&amp;G multi ...
Third Annual South Asian American Art Festival May 1-8, Santa Monica check details www.zanbeelart.com 30 artists over 100 artworks, stunning
Sitting at the dr office...again. Hope the baby comes soon!
What?? No! Sanchez.
hold off all day?
Tried 2 tell her
When I saw that yours was a Kate Spade phone, I looked on Amazon to see if she had other cute ones. She did, a whole bunch.
Thank you
Shout out to my 400th follower!! I appreciate it.(:
your lame dude
Hasta lavista bitches I'm going on a cruise! Bon voyage!
Wore Yoga pants on Tuesday and im wearing them again today #YOLO lolo
Our roommate got a great new job at the neighborhood bank. Then she robbed it. Made our later transactions there a bit...awkward.
Client news: RT Sequenta to present data at #ASH2011 highlighting use of #sequencing (#ICRS) to measure #cancer in blood
Early voting numbers have NC #amendment1 passing 55 percent to 45 percent
<3 When are we hanging out girl ? (:
Last dinner in Vegas!! Off to the Cheesecake Factory!! Thank goodness for their 'skinnylicious' menu hahaha skinnylicious just gets funnier
Car fire on ponce
We love & John P!
oh, sisters.....i am loving this thought.....xo
yankee game tonight!
Surprisingly, it only takes 1 CIO to change a light bulb. Who knew it was so not at all a technical challenge?
and their "acting" and the things they say. It looks forced, not natural.
Morning munchkins!!
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. -Wayne Dyer
Eating then taking a nap >>
he is throwing again, bullpen session tomorrow. On his way back
yeah have you been to any concerts :o?
ya man sampling is most def my strength, all the soundcloud beats are me experimenting on Machine, got the MPC back though :)
yeah i once had them all up on a cdn, went on vacation after hitting 'post'.. apparently got reddit/digg'ed + came back to $~2k
Thx! RT : . Twitter question about control being addressed by : Focus needs to be on control points.
": There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or just closing the book."
Does anyone know of a wedding going on this weekend? If so- let me know ASAP. Thanks friends.
Thanks ... glad you're enjoying it!!
Did you send in your vote by mail Application? Only 13 days left to request Vote-by-mail dealine May 29th.
I know! I didn't watch this season to be depressed..It's a dancing show! Less crying, more Donald.
Hey chicago fans! Check your email, sent out the meet and greet emails.
Weird feeling to walk down the street in a strange city and run into people you know.
have a great fundraiser tonight!
Are you someone that needs to be validated? What would life be like if you didn't need to be?
sounds like a white hot mess.
Keep on smiling
it's okay
Good work ! Throwing Ronnie under the bus!
Diva storm!
told my girlfriend about a news story I heard about the future world-wide chocolate shortage - the first time I had her full attention.
Bored ,text.
No apology necessary. They mean a lot to me too.
Christin Crocker's 2-RBI single gives South Alabama the 4-2 lead in the top of the eighth, one out, two on base.
After experiencing Christ's unconditional, unfathomable love, how could I ever be the same?
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
19 may be just a bit of overkill, but hey any publicity is good publicity :)
#2omf are the cutest and unique couple ever! xD
I am a guest on Fox's Good Day Orlando show today! Very excited, it should be fun!
They don't understand what you mean to me .. If I loss friends because of you they went my friend in the first place
its hard to explain , im so into you .
not an intern. a veteran.
A Walk To Remember is by far my favorite romantic movie.
Go get some Kava from Sean and tell him I said it was complimentary... it will chill out and relax you quick.
Life is all pattern and discipline; and the beauty of discipline is when it works.
Congrats to on its catering partnership with the legendary Chef Cindy Pawlcyn. We'll drink to that!
Soaking up lunch hour sun rays. Our office is chill, very chill. I need a desk side snuggie. This calls for afternoon coffee.
Taking A Smash.
My friend Aubrey, she has new camera.. wew
"Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses." - George Washington Carver
follow for follow?(:
IDK MAN, I JUST NEED A WRISTBAND.
Thanks for the #roc #wordpress promo!
i dont hate Georgia .. I dont hate my school eithir ! everything gone get better in Highschool ..
Check out our new facebook page! We are in the process of adding information so stay tuned!
I have a #desktop #support role in #Philly. #Perm #Banking or #Finance experience is required.
Good morning and Happy Friday to all my tweeps!!
Lyvie rams into the back of my foot tonight with a kid buggy. Why? She was running from the security camera. What!!!
shout me out
no. I'm tired
Eve was on noahs arch in the V.I.P section! Ahahaha
Cooperative Governance Panel now underway at #NASHCO Conference
Naa I Been Calling But... No Answer.
I'm tired of taking forever to shave my legs then immediately getting chill bumps afterword! 😠
shut up
about 2 replace my ceiling fan in the outside patio..another fun day of do it yourself construction and work till 2am doing security later
Kate curled my hair, and i feel so pretty!! i even went to work looking like i should have a tierra on my head, that is how done my hair was
don't think we don't notice. Customer service IS your brand, answering the phone is just part of it. Good job.
I really think some dudes think we girls are so stupid smh
I don't think so. The conference still has some great football and basketball powerhouses. They should go after #BYU and
I wanted to ask you how you felt about me, but I never did because I was afraid I might not like what you had to say.
I wish I had a tanning buddy.
possibly. Would ever let a guy stick their penis in your anus?
Honestly, Greyhound by Swedish House Mafia is better than most sex (cc: )
OMFG THE APP FOR IPAD IS FINALLY HERE
Ok Well haha were 9 hours behind u here in az
Stop in for a bite from our "Small Plates" menu in the lounge and enjoy our Happy Hour drink specials from 4:00-7:00pm
Dear 8 pound 6ounce newborn infant Jesus dont know a word yet just a lil infant so cuddly but still omnipotent, help our
Tickle tickle
I need a hat
East soundz like the west, north like the south s'all good, a good sound izza good sound period
If u only knew how busy we were you'd come and help
“: Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!” You have to be kidding!!!
I Miss Kissn On You .
My daughter Olivia just asked me to do play-dough with her!! We're making play-dough cookies although sweet Memories are really what's up.
Tune into Sirius NFL Radio right now to hear RB Chris Polk talk about his career at UW & the NFL Draft process.
Go for amusement purposes. Don't for a second think that anything supernatural is happening.
HAHAHAHAHA he believed us 😂
sorry i must go !
Productive Sunday. Cleaned, upgraded home furnishings, installed DLAN. Now off to celebrate bday.
few are better to watch than #CaptainCally - great first period
Congratulations to Francesco Rosi for his impending award at the Venice Film Festival.
Congratz on the new gig! Best of luck!
FINALLY off work. White castle sound good!!
Born To Run is such a great book
Flip, flip, flip-a-delphia
A1 type of guy
That bull shit foul was on 32.
Will anyone else be at tonight's Community Partner event? #CIW Hope to connect with folks! Excited 2 intro our new intern too
if you have so many assignments in a row that you have to have them aligned to read well…your code might be broken
": I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it. I call it "Ginger"" :( I eat souls.
I wish I was getting some of that high CEO salary Ralph; Sanjay Nasta CEO MicroAssist ;)
JUST TOOK A PIC WITH COACH CAL AND THE TROPHY
thanks babes :) I <3 yours too!
I didn't get your email
MY SUPER EX-GIRLFRIEND is one the best movies of all time. HIGH PLAINS DRIFTER is also at the top of my movie list.
what's hannin twitter?
Your pics are terrific! So pretty! :)
Hey guys, I'm so sorry for the lack of updates :/ just been busy lately! Gonna try to post a new video tomorrow (today) though :)
#1Rule: Never get attached to something that wasn't yours in the first place.
Milwaukee fans might remember NIU asst coach Todd Townsend from Marquette. . I remember him as big and controversial part of NT team in 2000
That's one good looking little man!
kicking ass on
I replied
Who else has an obsession with 's cover of Born This Way/Express Yourself ?
Got a girlfriend now :))
gonna be awesome
- Awesome site! =) We reached out to you via your blog regarding a position. Drop us a line when you can! Thanks and Go Yankees!
ha! the 1% stacking the privileged deck.
Take two bottles of wine and hold them up in the air. That's how you keep your spirits high.
ha!!! I love it! Working with Chelsea and Joke is amazing. I couldn't be happier.
WHO WANT THE 100TH TWEET?
shaq beat his ass lol first day they met
RT : "If you think your Easter competition is the church across town, you don’t have a clue."
YOUR WELCOME!! Hottie
We are at #dataconnectors conference in San Francisco shooting a promo for about web security rode down with
Incredible photograph of the sunrise glowing through a dead fish&#39;s eye
Fighting my car's bad alignment while I drive is a wonderful work-out for my arms.
Looking for a quick and easy way around downtown Denver? check out the new program
Just went grocery shopping at Bed Bath & Beyond. Fuck society.
I KILLED my to-do list. Take that, MONDAY!
Major studio callback. For once, an ugly audition pic did me some good!
Why do people insist on having full conversations with me when I have headphones on?
Excited about her valentine day class party, my 1st grader promised, " yeah, we're going to boogie...around our classroom". Such joy.
If you get into the drones thing, the best general interest tweeter on this topic is surely
Pretty confident we're wowing the world right now.
Where oh where has my buddy gone? Miss you and loving you <3 <3 <3 <3 <3.
Yep, biggest problem NBA GMs have.
Reality setting in today...rely on the strength of the Lord #he>i
Just inked a deal for a great new client. :) *wish I could disclose, sometimes competitive intelligence is an odd business.
GO PATRIOTS!!
Gettin ready to go outside before it rains. Falling head over heels for an amazing guy. =)
I promise you are. You're still young, you can still change so much. I look NOTHING like I did before when I was your age.
Last showing of A Raisin In The Sun -- in Juneau Alaska!
How are you dear?
There I go again. Creating a mature, socially responsible social media message for all involved.
oh im at steele!
So much snow!
Dressed for snowmaggedon. Not 70 and beautiful. Pays to check weather before hopping on a plane.
I think somebody hacked my twitter account...I didn't post my last post...how does that happen?
gabbi, I need you're opinion on something!
thanx..it's been corrected. #sportingkc will be covered weekly along with the #MLS..feel free to criticize our takes -lil Bob.
You are not one in a hundred, or one in a thousand, not even one in a million. You are one, unique and that’s it :)
:( I'm jelly! I was doing hw... Which I'm still doing :/ and will be all day.
Listening to the new #JackWhite album on iTunes for free. Lovinn it.
Rain. A good thing!
My kids got a huge kick out of seeing the live webcams of the waves on Surfline. I am dying for a trip back to SoCal. Counting the days.
YUM! Try it with SPORTea too for a little different taste
are you guys gonna be on warped this year?? :)
When girls come into my life i usually don't give em the time of day, but you were different. To bad you walked away
sending you a hug
love curry ANYTHING.
no no mg smh
"I'm a Bad Kid, that's the way that they made me"
This is the playoffs tho RT : look at the Bulls going home, they ran the east the whole season bruh lmaooo
you know me :)
Did you get your pre-sale tickets for yet?
I miss you :_)
Even tho I live in Madison, Wis., it's the herald of the holidays to me. Fantastic time!
did somebody find them!?
So, this "finding love in a hopeless place..." Rihanna is singing about Twitter, right?
The Gordon pics are in my Recent Images on my Twitter page. All of the Gordon photos are mine, but the '37 flood pic is not.
Book you party in our Private Dining Room on a Monday for a reduced minimum food & beverage expenditure! Call for details.
and you always treat me like a superstar.
: lol yea. so do you work?
Farewell by Rihanna is such a good song!
When your mom says she can tell you've lost some weight but your jeans are tighter then ever<<<<<<
i'm more confused
Just realized I have been doing schoolwork for the last 8 hours. Need to eat--sushi sounds good.
Hope you had a good time!
And no! I will not tell u, until the time is right!
Dude your team's is #DOOP. Come on. Also, Nashville.
next time we cater and you're around, we'll be sure to bring a little extra for your bowl! :)
I didn't get the memo haha.
At #onsocial workshop on big data and social analytics. Smart group of people to brainstorm benefits of
Thanks for coming thru Honey!! Make sure you post pics when you rock your Top!!
Where are you? i keep yelling hump my leg, thinking it's like a bat single for you
I got to admit that I will never be faithful in my mind
Only 2 more hours until doors open for Moshfest Final Battle of the Bands!
lol nah i ignore it but life's pretty good lol
' Q: If theory is something we do, where is low theory it located?
patience my dear, patience. You will be one of the first to hear, we promise. Thanks for thinking of us!
Dear customers, let's play a game called 'If you put your items on my counter&keep shopping, I'll hide them on the other side of the store.'
FOLLOW ME ..? Please (:
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.
Calli misses you !
Just had a blast with my five year old nephew! I seriously do not know how mothers fin the energy. I mean every single day.
I'm slow, lol
Kindly report to your husband that most women support the
keep ur head up
school is the reason why I don't get to eat breakfast.
has a hot body. Follow him. Lol
I'm just piling on. You have no clue what you're talking about lol
Hi Karen, Please call me at 310.289.2124, Thanks.
Oh okay! Lol thanks for not makin fun of me haha!
It really SUCKS in Maine pats are still in and we have to listen to it!
1000 / 1000 for Prototype 2, just in time to bring on Max Payne 3.
Not at all. It is only wrong if you say, "don't you know who I am?" when fake limping.
And for some reason he will be touring with Drake and J.Cole this summer... RT : "Waka killed this song"
well we really don't know what exactly happened, we just know that we're dating now :p
Sometimes I just wanna call it quits and throw the towel
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS??? GO FOLLOW #teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x6
New Costume 60s Groovin Wig for Adult
I'm pretty sure if I made you a sandwich...you would fall in love with me(:
MIT shop closed for the night. A few more hours left tomorrow morning, and the Uni will goes into the truck. Good night team--thanks!
Gabe is a night stocker at H.E.Bree
It's not as cold as it looks. Great afternoon in Petworth with
Whine whine whine. You should be pumped because you get to work with me today!
RT : Communities revitalize empty #malls. RT RT : U.S. malls find new uses for empty spaces:...
Everyone please follow and !!
Glad to hear. Thank you so much David :)
Hoping everyone had a kinky weekend!!
Getting ready for a whirlwind week of filming, rehearsals and dancing! Excited but also need to not let it overwhelm me!
Really?!! That's fantastic! How big the plant? I see a conservatory in your future :) And/Or a visit to Florida! :D
Congratulations to Malik Jackson on being selected by the Denver Broncos
Tired of stale "both sides" claim. Dems/labor negotiating in good faith. GOP not. Doesn't make 1 a dirty hippie to say so.
I will my sweet! I would love to see you all for Xmas! Have a super great day!
Looking at the screens, #Gold is trading up over $1800, #Oil is steady, Gasoline down big, hmm, #DOW and S&P slightly up on the futures.
Planet Fitness ?
beat dr.jack inna game of chess once at the homie eddielepps house in cali..
How do you save a drowning mouse ? Use mouse to mouse resuscitation !
Loved Barbie PINK Flapper dress during the quickstep!! So cute!
yo i got more time free on my hands now... lets work fam...
no that's what my head looks like..
welcomes you to another broadcast day from the MPVT Studios.
Anyone interested in a 22-mile run this Sunday... and know of a trail within an hour of Portland that isn't a complete mess right now?
Good morning to the , we are sending you a Monday Shout-out, have a great week and thanks for the awesome #FF ;)
Woken up by cat walking on my face. Curses, Henry!!!
Last-minute (local) reminder: pizza & Wii in the Grad Lounge for Praxers & DH Fellows now!
Why does Uthoff want to transfer after red shirting this year? He would likely have been a starter this year. Seems just as odd as blocking.
“ “ I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.””
wow. original tweet. I wonder how that came to mind(;
Happy hour tonight 5-8 With music by velvet heat!!
No problem! Make sure 2 follow us back! 1 of the filmmakers directing our series is also in a MI-based hip-hop group!
do you have a link? Thx!
Have a question for the Northwest's most reputable angel organizations? Ask away! They will answer at our 3/1 vLab, 'Meet the Angels.'
no one likes her..
Say what's real
The true definition of stereotype: an accurate measure of just how stupid the human race still is.
HEY DUDE!
I contend that putting a giant crossed out picture of a dog pooping in your window is grosser than an actual dog pooping on your lawn.
am I gonna see you today too?!!
hello and hugs to you both this lovely evening
Hey buddy. You are #mahomie? or i'm bad? :)
RT : A handful of Nigerian scam artists are wrecking it for all the honest Nigerians who want to wire money to us.
Bad idea to were flats on a p.e. Day #nosocks :(
Finally it's December 1st! The beard has disappeared!!
Hey all! Craft night for #bannedbookweek projects tonight..We're making book safe's! I want one in the shape of a
Here's teh potential pbounce on $ABOT! Could have found suport at .01 and could rally back another 20% again off of it!
I'd never take his love for granted again. Ppl stupid
Ending my night by hearing your voice >>>>>>>>
Go UMass! There are few things in the world better than beating Temple! One step closer to going dancing!
“: What to do with an empty house...??” practice your strike three call haha!
Too tired to bask in our success.
my uncle be drunk ass fuck
here today.. Gone tomorrow.. Or Sunday (you get the idea)
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake Harry styles will you go with me :) <33
even worse, has even less and less sci fi. With #BSG gone, #Eureka ending. Looks like I'll be getting sci fi from the web
Distance don't make a heart fonder. Fuck whatchu heard money -_-
The austerity forced down our throats by the Republicans will destroy the fragile recovery by killing jobs when we need to be making them
Looking for a great gift for that special somone? www.darksideshields.com
I spent 1 hour and 45 minutes Bicycling. 1,356 calories burned.
For those who attended #AD4MH today, what was the part of the program that stuck with you the most?
Fraggle Rock? More like Fraggle BORE!! Am I right?! Smurf Five!!
Can you just be yourself girl . Doesn't mean your boyfriend is popular in school , you have to change yourself just for him .
tY Sandra :) Got away to chase a bone or 2 & saw Mom :) She is the best Bulldog EVER :)
We appreciate the kind words from a friendly experienced traveler. Happy travels and thanks for flying with MKE. That is all. :)
COME JOIN US AS WE'RE FALLING INTO FALL w/ VAN GOGH martinis...& everyone's favorite band, will be playing..(6pm-10pm)
Southern quote of the day: all Mexicans like tequilla. And that's not racist, y'all INVENTED IT!
Since responded to me and I have a prom to go to tonight, I'm gonna buy Prom Night and blast that shit!
We hope all of our donors and Longhorn fans in North Texas/DFW area stay safe during these storms! And everyone else too!
I hope never to be as stupid as the people who would act on Betty White's endorsement.
I clicked my #hashtag on #freesamples and realized almost as popular as #costcofreesamples is #wholefoodsfreesamples on Sat, Yes Please!
oh that's sweet! I may have to buy it
DANG !! Please Let ME Go UGH!! #Thats What I Be Talkinn Aboutt :{
Sufjan was performing at the Chicago Theater last weekend. I am SO sad it was sold out!
Am i a creeper?
Yes,Ottrina was a great meeting !! Great things are coming !!!
Using mine tomorrow to make some pulled pork. Next best thing if you can't have a smoker.
About to listen, hate I'm working when you're on live.
Please everyone follow me I always follow bak
yeah and?
That feeling when you're really tired and you finally fall into your bed. LOVEBUTTON.
In her 'Crocs' lol RT I bet Sally Smith listens to Nickelback
Omg what type of crap is going over here omg no sleep and a toothache this sucks
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy, and Jackie in NY ? Pretty please ? <3 Or follow ?(:
That moment when you secretly grab something from your friend and when he looks for it, you take it out and say "I'M A NINJA.".
Lol. RT : #D1debate needs to refer to notes to say she's been married to her husband
Flexibility is a very attractive trait.
Sometimes holding a girl when she needs you, means more to her; than any gift money can buy.
You'll be pleased to learn that and I are en route to Austin, in part to terrorize our boy Suggestions?
My bartender , who is white, said he got drunk and lost in B'more and ended up in the hood. A cop picked him up and helped him find his car
My son has rejoined the pack. Thank you for school!
I hope your eyes are better! let me know if you need any help. - Dr Melamed
Every cell in your body is seeking fulfillment through joy, beauty, love and appreciation.
amazing set tonight! Might be one of the best shows I've ever seen!
yeah he will have fun....and I won't
Huge goal by the Caps. Staying in the game.
Spinnin' some poi and listen to some tunes...2 of my favorite tings!
Word of the Day: Plans
"Nobody bother me!"
A 20-minute wait for an Orange Line or a Blue Line #Metro during rush hour is unacceptable, CC:
ANDY!!! I miss you:/// wahh. If you ever come back to south Florida like Miami or frt.lauderdale . Chipotle date???? <3344
does an maple-bacon scone? Could you ask them to have that on the menu in August?? Sound incredible.
buff chick dip
I would love to see how the Arab world is reporting this story. Not much on AlJazeera English.
"she can do fucking any voice I feel like" ..you need to be here
Somebody give me a kick in the ass. I need some motivation right now.
yeah I ended up blocking him, and I never block anybody. He just got really annoying & made no sense at all
perfect dinner and now let's celebrate the new year! Xo
I can borrow lucis cap #LETSGOOOO I'm a very good swimmer 🏊
Hubby on a 7 day shift means exciting evenings of me creating photo albums on Facebook. And eating donuts.
With a body like yours, just take ur shirt off in a gay bar, and walk back to the bathroom.
Reading blogs has become a part of my daily routine. And now so has tweeting about what I read.
Post more video's of you and vinny,, haha you guys are the highlight of my day(:
We have a winner! Those who RT'd check your DM! We'll announce as soon as we hear back from our winner! another GIVEAWAY @ 1000 followers!!
Had an awesome time at the wedding. So glad I got to go with Josh!
I got one for you
Congrats RT I will be coming on board as Practitioner Editor w/ Journal of Financial Planning!
Thanks for coming out last night.
Just cleared sinuses, swallowed...tasted hints of semen and dying soul
A lady is going through the frozen turkeys and says to a blonde, "Do these turkeys get any bigger than this?" She says, No they're dead."
I'm using ALL Old Pick-up Lines in the Club Tonite.. "Yo Baby, yo Baby yooo!" "Say here Jiggy Mama!"
Fish gear
I swear TUMBLR is just so amazing. I love it so much.
r u kinda on the petite side cuz u look tiny when ur standing up
hahaha no problem gurlfran! how'd it go?
Richard Dawkins is speaking here tonight. Follow & tweet the talk at
Global companies bringing manufacturing back to US.why?increase labor and transport costs.#aspenideas forgot to mention lean manufacturing
Looks like a great meal to cheat on!
Snap, Crackle, Pot!
Oh ok
Like if you care
please. And figure fitting dresses.
i got yo back in this beef with funk flex he always turn on ja rule for 50 you never did that
Another night of cleaning, this time I don't want to do anything
I wish I had a recipe for you that I could follow. If only it were that easy
#iamceltic brandon bass, glen davis, von wafer, micheal pietrius, and kenny anderson
If you can't find any Cadbury Cream Eggs it's probably because ate them all. Sorry folks. Maybe next year.
Did I just see Guy Fieri hosting the Price is Right?? WTF is the world coming to.
RT : #RecallWalker crowd 50-75 thousand - tea party rally 100. Pic of tea party marching up King St to Capitol...
#truth & if they don't have a mobile site RT : If a newspaper CMS doesn't support posting from mobile, they're doing it wrong.
Another broken spoke being repaired. No big deal, will be fixed by the time I'm done eating.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE!! :)
Hey, you're in WA State - hey neighbor!
"Owney came in yesterday from Cincinnati over the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad, & after being fed at Baltimore &Potomac station, went to NY"
Question to think about as we close out 2011: "Are you sowing your time to just make your job prosperous and not yourself?"
Driving a dignitary in the parade today! oh boy...here we go! :)
It's actually pretty old school, from the middle ages.
now that u mention it coach k does look just like the blue devil.. and he's my favorite coach
If your models are in need of a personal trainer in LA, I'm offering special rates for the Summer. Please RT
you take the pain away & I thank you for that
I'm not quibbling about the meaning of a word. I'm pointing out that you don't mind gov't spending on things you agree with
OKAY OKAY (: heheheh sounds like a plan =p
I get that. I don't necessarily agree with that but it's basically the media taking down one player at a time. Who's next?
Thanks for the heads-up – we'll look into it!
That's great!! Good luck!!!
I am awake! still packing damn it..
I love you too.
The Sidney Hillman Foundation Announces 2012 Hillman Prizes for Excellence in Reporting in Service of the Common Good
thank you for following and being #150! :)
I tried telling you😳
Great job today Liz!! We are proud of you!
RT TWITTER NARCISSISM IS AN EXERCISE IN FUTILITY.
Very cool!
Same here! I'd be like KICK HIS ASS!
Is "wow, your hair is getting long!" politespeak for "when are you going to get that pinestraw on your head cut!?!"
He was very well-spoken. What a mistake to let him go!
I will admit I have the biggest crush on Something about those country boys!
Proud to announce Fire and Ice the second book in the series is out
Just told my neighbor I was watching mulan rouge with my kids. No. I meant Mulan. No Rouge. Whoops.
stuffed pumpkin = success!
that's some dopeness right there. And for a rainy day?
very cool! Do you also help educate adults on finances?
First time attempting to buy on all I get is "Oops! That page doesn't exist"
I wish there was a Boggle app. I would totally play that.
#Ozzie: "If I don’t learn from this mistake I will call myself dumb."
Global warming is killing off Polar Bears and hockey players. Get informed
I dont like being cold at work...I HAVE to be up but cold makes me sleepy
excellent! And happy belated Darwin Day :)
SCREW OVARIES JUST GET IN ME ALREADY MAKE ME HAVE MY LAST ORGASM OF MY LIFE
So, what am I supposed to be doing now?
haha omg, that is so her!
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
I'm breaking out in hives. Aaaaaaggggghhhhhh. :///
you know it!
Nobody cares about this ginned-up hit piece on Rubio.
RT : Seattle City Light Restores Historic Ladder Creek Falls Light Show: Seattle City Light is celebrating the restor......
Nevada employers with questions about opening a Modified Business Tax Account can call 866-962-3707 .
Diana Ross is a powerhouse!! Acting & Singing!! Her rendition of home always fills my heart and makes me tear up...
Planning a Lunch & Learn
Chili Con Carnage, Garbanzo Garbage, No Bu-eano...#i'velostmytouch
Fuck you Zubat, I'm trying to be productive!
I'm not usually one of those "tweet about lunch" kinda guys, but today I was introduced to the Bacon Bacon food truck! M..
I am... and I've never felt better! Haha
Pcola/Gville/Daytona and Miami.How far off am I? RT OK, my longest blog item yet: Strippers, bikers, serial killer,Florida beer...
LETS GO BRUINS :)
"info snacking" = when you'd otherwise be idling away moments of time, you can check in and plug in to your digital environment.
Love ya Jim, saw you in NYC at the Comedy Cellar last March, but you're trying way too hard.
Having a lot of fun updating my website.
That'd be good for the Pac12. I'm hoping CBB can avoid Kentucky landing 5 NBA players every year.
House not selling? We lease and buy houses, any area, any price!
And now its nearly impossible to get tickets without paying a Kajillion bucks, and we went for like 80. I feel so blessed!
Wow - just heard about Josh Hamilton's night. Wow.
The American dream is NOT a handout!
Awesome! Excited to see you there :D
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
I will follow bak
I've been there man, trust me. My best advice is: baby steps.
yeah I haven't talked to u in awhile. What's up?
is going off lol
Does EVERY song have to have a rap verse these days?! Gahh
also, please end with a class discussion on lady gaga's You and I
thanks, I appreciate the kind words.
yea when it comes striaght out
Really Buck? You go to Kevin Gregg when the game still means something?
Yes, yes I do! (lol)
just video downloads and extras. This is a 77 year old man and 38 year old woman.
Tryin to get good tonight
Takes short cuts in life you'll come up short.
"If it cannot be us, let it be our children who lead us to peace."
mussolini had a photo of his cat on his desk. franco had the mummified hand of st teresa of avila on his.
i think i would get arrested for that....
Lunch, is for tutoring for the rest of the school year -.-
Drank an excessive amount of this prickly pear margarita. I guess Gabi's driving me back to Phoenix.
ipod on, tanning oil done, now imma tan and relax by the pool;)
so sweet!!!
no STEVE BLAKE, NO
Bought that book 50 Shades of Grey! Excited to read it!
is killin the competion this sumer get the Fuck out his way. #purple&black
Looks promising to me. That would be so great. I'm running out of gummy penguins.
Alright Folks.....Friday night show is in Cocoa Beach and Saturday in Melbourne......Its gonna be a great weekend!
Spending the week in Louisville for a Leader's meeting.
very mysterious...
plEase follow me!!!
Do you have a Facebook?....Go like the Bleu Magazine Facebook Page!! RT &
Thanks so much!
I found an alligator neat my house. Does that count?
If in El Cerrito Cal-make a visit to Foley & Bonny @ the El Cerrito Plaza. Foley & Bonny has been around since 1946 !! www.foleyandbonny.com
haha! Girl, you could rock colored pants for sure. Miss you already - best AC I know ;). go get'em tiger
Exciting week! New version of the #iPad and #Basecamp. Can't wait to try these out.
RT : It would have been fun to have a Human Vs Machine throwdown with during #LSCon session. Would like to see that!
Is very happy that is so lucky & won a free burrito for me to eat for lunch! Win us a vacation next please!
&amp;' My Ass Right In The House
boo ya. Yeah Jeff, she's a big girl!
recipe for that soup w/ chocolate???
Gotta feel me
pretty much, then toasted!
Its cool but I should have came last week too RT : *snaps* for he went to bio today !!! Hows that treatin you
I really really wanted to go but I was busy melting in the hot sun in the outdoor wedding next door :(
nope, same state, doesn't work and makes no political sense. Needs to be someone of color from a different state.
You are correct!! Just being funny :-)
that's so cute
as long as I'm your analyst for the Baylor game! Haha
Someone better get all the Hydrangea's out of Indiana before Madge gets here
By the time a person graduates high school, they've eaten over 1500 peanut butter & jelly sandwiches!
what it is follow back
The women haters are just jealous they'd never look that good in a catsuit and the men haters just hate because she'd kick their
Question for : Worse dust storms? Phoenix or Iraq?
Yep. refuses to go in that direction. Someone should attack that problem again
u look so familiar
The strong #Catholicism in #Cuba testifies: Cuba is #Communist b/c those controlling world #Democracy had no love/concern 4 the Cuban poor.
you're all I ever wanted
You could have your own reality TV show: Femme Eye for the (Fashion Clueless) Queer Girl!
Wed. S.J. football roundup: Adeyemo, NBC finish with flourish Tosin Adeyemo ran for more than 200 yards in his final high school football
98.6% of a monkey's DNA is exactly the same as a human being's.
RT “: The Twitter account for the fire extinguisher Amar'e punched has been created: (via )”
hey June, hope u doing great! Call me when u get a chance. I'll give u my update on great things happening!
Are you all over there on the observation deck yelling at the LSU center fielder or am I hearing things?
In cross-pollinating HuffPo articles, shouldn't they disclose their relationship to ?
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye-opener! ~ Unknown
Weekend time
Nice way to start. Seven mile run at race pace, cathartic after a bizarre week. What's your workout today?
A Pyrrhic victory.
made me feel a whole lot better last night.
Let the tailgating begin. Cant wait to see the home opener
less then 10 .. maybe like 5. need to look
Guess we should start saving now for all those new apple products!!
@ the #Nonprofit Legislative Wrap-up in Annapolis w/Job Opportunities Task Force, MD Assoc of Nonprofs, MD Citizens Health Initiative, et al
Today's the day! Undergrad/faculty mixer at 4pm in the ATEC conference room! Come meet EMAC faculty/students. All EMAC'ers welcome!
please follow! love your work!
Tuesday Tweetcast: Sunshine dominates again, highs hit the mid 80s. Rain risk returns slowly Thu-Sun, colder by late next week.
god damn you George Lucas. damn you to hell.
I could just fall asleep !
good morning :-) please follow my new twitter
Phenomenal practice this weekend. Sounding better than ever, and we can't wait to show off what we've been working on!
lol oh i bought sweatpants i got the black nd blue ones.. u wanted blue&grey rightt?
Great sports weekend, NFL playoffs, first full field PGA Golf tourney, and the start of the first tennis major of the year. Remember MLK.
Had a great talk with the lovely Current Gallery today, be sure to check out their current show C A R T, up until the 4th of September :D
has my market comments for this correction. Don't buy the dips. CNBC keeps looking for the bottom. Amazing. The bear lives
thanks for giving us an amazing season. You deserve the scoring title
i dont get it
What is wrong with Twitter? I just signed in and it tells me that I have reached my hourly usage limit - after not tweeting for days? WTF?
After seeing the orange slide in the #MLBFC I so want to be there.
Over 5000 followers now. Follow
ha, i just emailed that to Tom.
To all marketers on Twitter: there's nothing more annoying than a post with a link, a title in 2 words, and 8 random hashtags.
Gotta love Thursdays! Tomorrow it's $2 off your combo plate!
Looking to add a PR AAE to our team; looking for at least 1-2 years of agency PR experience to work on B2B accounts
Just not sure about j.lo rocking the snookie poof
yup....try pinching your self and ull know ;)
Wistfully recalling gin-champagne cocktails, friends, Molly's Cupcakes & , Talk about a couple with a boomin' system.
maybe i'll take it for a test drive on my laptop to get a feel for it without committing.
Miss more then two and someone will be coming after you....
I been feeling extra #emo lately....out of the normal #pisces tendencies...
Is she going play school now ?
yeah I was thinkin bout ya haha...well Congrats anyway!
That is classic. :)
In other news #NFL draft is tonight. Looking forward to Tom Coughlin's picks etc. (#Giants)
Let's go Yanks, finally I can get sleep.
Prepared families are less-stressed families. Review your disaster preparedness plan and supplies, and revise by using fastpreparedness.com
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE! Enjoy!! :)
hahahahaah oh, geez, you made me chuckle,
Where science and fashion connect! :)
Responded to FIRE @ 2242 85 Street, Brooklyn, NY 11214. Red Cross auto update.
Working on a Rails API. Anyone have resources for good auth strategies? Using SSL but don't want to reinvent the key signing process.
... Wow! Such a loaded question!! I have about 8 answers so far and none of them are nice!
RT : #Cardealers how do you protect your assets?? We supply both industry leading solutions &
-- we love what you've got going on & we'd love to tell our story someday. Bootstrapping is our middle name.
Basketball season is always fun around here.
Had a great time with 
It's raining! And today is the first day I noticed all the leaves in bloom. Hurrah.
Just realized that My cover starts to hit streets today. I am excited.
until 10 pm
Mitt Romney would “take a lot of credit” for the comeback of the auto industry.--> Well his wife does "drive TWO Cadilliacs"
Smarter than wickett tomorrow?
RT : I'd like to thank Tim Tebow, normally a peaceful and spiritual man, for committing murder and killing the 2011 Jets season.
Smh, duh... What I'm telling you is that I'm TRYING to change it. Obviously I'm away from my cpu. Quit poppin off fat head lol!
I think that video is great! I have a song Stronger 2, but it was written about being bullied. Yet it could work!
Ex Libris extends my Oracle table space and Voyager catalogers can save bib records again. I appreciate the lightning-fast support help.
I just saw the movie the Artist... It was very good. If fact, quiet possibly the best movie I've see all year, and very... quiet...
nice! Thanks for the tip!
seems like that date is tough on everybody - will set up a doodle poll
Now following back RT : " follows you"
that aint nothin till u come to my crib
So, gotta work out at 6:30 a.m. tomorrow... Should I stick it out in hope for a 15-point Laker comeback or go to bed?
Gr8! ": Bringing it! Faster and Stronger!
me either
Working on amongst other projects.
Understanding him-- I pondered over how the U.S. greatly neglects the potential of more 'freshed' minded teachers that use this approach 2 .
I Love It So Much!
u look absolutely adorable !!
i think it's a legit excuse. exhaustion from helping and emotional distress? it'd totally work. haha. <3
Congratulations!!!!! I am so happy for you and Rochelle!!!
How far in the future - like next week, or next winter? Because I don't know, and yes.
Met an old man in #SPSLA.He says he started learning code when christ was born on machine language & is still learning. Cheers
Starting off the day with a little nuclear weapon shop talk. Dick Cheney.
Bill Sr to #2012GEO We all make mistakes and continue learning.
Enjoying "new" old IBM compy...thanks to fantastic help from Hampton. Now I can once again operate fluently in both languages: Mac & PC!
Such a sunny day, my day is going good but why does the cold wind bother to show up??
Okeyxoke--see you at Icon!
Watching HeeHaw with my mom. Just wow. Lol.
Taming the burrito with
why not both? 1 class tourney over Christmas break, 4 class at end of season.
Oh, I get it! I was mistaking the barbed wire for Auschwitz and confused by cacti. It's an immigration joke. Duh
And the #DCIrene fun has begun! Rain wind rain and only 24 or so more hours to go! Yeah.
Great season Coach, big things ahead for Lions with you calling shots. (We met at Haley's before US Open at Congressional)
no it's made of like red pipes
lol same here
will you be in Indianapolis anytime soon?
good day spending time with the wife
Some days the severity of my ADD just overwhelms me, especially when I have a paper to do.
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does. That makes you a winner right there. ~ Venus Williams ♡
Don't waste you time on me. You're already the voice inside my head.
Sleepy, headache, backache, perhaps from an alcohol- and fun-filled time with , proving that "grown-ups" can, in fact, party
I put that dur on evrthang!!
HolyCowballs!!! rowdy rowdy Sara must of been some good Shit!!! huh
Bears aren't really my thing. But by all means, y'all have fun!
downtown at 4 then back to the crib for the Spurs game then the fight!!! Gonna be a good day!! Happy Cinco de Drinco!!'n
Lunch break before I hit my XHTML Course. Learning code from scratch.
New on cask is two from Doggystyle Pale Ale and the FEAR. Swing by tonight at 7 and go home with a glass
Yeah! happy to hear you're stoked about a potential edit-a-thon :D
Girls that date there best friends ex I dont approve of that!
teams like Wisconsin are the reason they instituted the shot clock in college.
Try refreshing the page.
Narcissus - Say Anything
RT : Sometimes you have to reflect back to the places where God took care of you, to remind you he can do it again.
but but but but theres so many options lol " I got options ahhhoooo" *serves hips ;)
The Dark Shadows 90's version is on today!!!
m.... saturday mornings.....
I understand the need, but since gift giving is remote, online is better (send to destination rather than fly with)
Correx: Our last reader today was Angela Penaredondo, whose poem "At the Concrete River" carries September-December 2010.
Our plan was to relaunch on the last day of the month. Until now, no one noticed January has 31 days. Relaunch date: January 31
because you didn't meet Harry!
Hey chad, I am a tester for #openclass and I am using it right now. It has a lot of potential.
I'm having mixed feelings : /
NEW Alpha Girls distribution plan: First you get the Sugar, then you get the Power, then you get the Women.
The Orioles play the Nationals this weekend. Please form an orderly line, people.
Great job by Phil Humber doing the top 10 on David Letterman
I just have second thoughts about ths, to much drama and immature people!
You know you're jealous of my Illinois shoreline photos!
I've already finished my first book in 2011: Julia Cameron's The Creative Life. Rereading Jonathan Strange. Ordering Tale of Genjii.
You won because you have the best physio in Canada
#reallybadChristmasjokes. What is the best present in the world? A broken drum, you just can't beat it!
This food is so GOOODD! C:
Good night all peops
Great to see folks from & Such smart news people and good colleagues trying things worth watching.
Worst day ever. Forgot my phone charger.
Snow patches linger, Melting brightly in the sun: Inauguration.
“: Many of you know I'm predicting the #Giants will win. This isn't because I hate the #Packers or #CM3” But you DO!! LOL
Everyone should come out to my Final Vocal Performance Show On March 16th at 7 pm :) at Musicians Institute!!
i had to make a new account i couldnt log into my other one
Live music tonight with Kelly Riley. Starts at 7!
Us too-sad the season is over, but happy to reclaim the space RT Operation Christmas take down was a success today...whoohoo!
Happy Birthday fellow Taurean!
at least I'm not the only one. I feel lame feeling guilty when others take time off willy-nilly with not a care in the world
one day I will meet ;)))
"Is that plum and red?!
the world is a song your heartbeats the rhythm your soul sings the melody
Your intro to backbone.js session is getting a ton of interest. Want to schedule it in one of tomorrow's slots?
Feeling good about going back to the Joe w/ the series split. Great win for tonight! Congrats, boys.
2 more devos + I'm DONE with draft 1 of this book! Just in time too: got a titling meeting tomorrow w/
It's sucks having to work when you're sick. Ughgghhhh...
okay, I get it. #GYLO is the simulation version of Knewton. Instrumented simulations to be embedded in flat publications.
RT : Laughter is an instant vacation. - Milton Berle
Watching the episode of Rachel Zoe where she has to cook Passover dinner
“: If Elway's smart, he'll take him straight to Casa Bonita.” haha! That would be the best way to ensure he leaves Denver
Homework takes a lot of time.. U dont have to do it lol jk
I LOVE U GUYS 2
Though we knew that too on some level, no?
I hope he takes your filthy heart and then he throws you away someday.
Alas, the ICC was once young like me, but now all its clocks have stopped, and it is as if Time itself has forsaken it.
at the terminus building at corner of peachtree and piedmont.
I'm loving the #MeCagoEnTiMonday trending topic
idunno Dude!! I was sitting down literally ALL night.... yea a blue shirt lol
performing #UArts students - meet successful alums Amy Harding ’97, Alex Keiper ’07 and Fabian Brown ‘01 Terra DH tonight...
I changed on my debugger and it fixed the issue
then it'll be even more annoying tomorroww!
: Merry Christmas and may God bless you and your family!
"Beauty without virtue is like a flower without perfume."
I know. It's dumb. Recruit harder lol.
i already just followed you lol
Just a few days left! Donate 2 canned food items at St. Rose/Eastern location for , receive a free med iced/hot coffee
Timbers' fans Geoffrey C. of the Oregonian is on sports sunday tonight. Tweet in a question B4 6pm. We'll use it in our segment.
Wow, was great! The music is incredible and the cast brings it home. Don't forget tissues.
I am thinking having a telepractice component, for international people who want services via Skype.
Which very popular, much loved chef will be the Celebrity Chef for 2011? A hint: they are VERY popular on twitter!
Seeing a cute couple, and thinking: "I want a boyfriend like that."
Very pleased with the new Ipod. Hope it turns into a very useful tool.
Upcoming shows in Columbus! January 8th @ Kobo January 28th @ The Basement w/ Lovesick Radio
Two great tweeps, and , are engaging in an informative exchange of views, making very salient points.
When I hear the #BugJuice theme song I get all teary eyed......
“: you're beautiful, you're worth love, you're worth life.”
what's good man..songwriter I meet u at the international music conference...they play my records u liked
Throwing down tonight @ Family House Sports Bar in Bradley. See ya there.....Start at 10!
lmfaoo ew thts so gross !! Btw did u listen to the message ? Is it Gunner(in a southern accent)?(: lmfao
Help me I'm trapped on the dance floor they won't let me out :(
I'm great how are you?
Tom #verducci still taking gutless potshots at #braun. #verducci still confusing size of paychecks with his ability
hell yeah, we'll be rooting for you. See you in the Super Bowl
good morning foxy
she gone beat ya ass real soon lol
yes...youre too stressed!
Today's not a good day:(
I know the feeling.
<3 chicago phoenix
I'm loving this new song, 'Daughters.' This is why he's in my top three of favorite lyricists. 😊🎧
Agreed!!! “: God I hate #boston. #letsgoyankees #Yankees”
yea i read them last summer..ahh I thought they were alright haha..the second book was my fav
Looks like we've got some boomers coming
All things education & employment...COX Media fair - tomorrow at the Science Museum. Join us! , ,
Join us this Saturday as we tailgate with Hoots to cheer on the against Tulsa! We get started at 4
you're welcome!
got me thinkin about hittin the strip club, i got my dollars ready lol
Right now is the perfect time to engage in hoodrat activities in S.O.C. Police have no communication with that area, smhs and lols...
“If you haven’t done the right things on the #humancapital side, you are going to really struggle with #innovation.” Larry Zimpleman
Love Planet Fitness. My body drove me, my brain cooperated. Yeah me. 3 1/2 miles. Slow/incline as molasses and ewww so sweaty. Ick.
I got some things I'm working on. Just needed the time to do it.
According to company estimates, one in every eight American workers has been employed by McDonald's
Merry Christmas ICONic family! Its our first christmas together!
leaving for Bama today. 3 days until game time!
Sounds awesome :) Keep it up!
If you notice the ppl who love and dont try to spite each other are the people who receive the most blessings?
damn I hate my autocorrect I live on US
Heading out to the Roosevelt for a meeting. Can't wait to see if my vision fits into this space.
You're welcome :)
turns out, I do follow - but thanks for the heads up!! We'd love to feature it on - let us know.
Oh my INGE.
Let's take an actual ride through a Rep. Brain.
make your way back East, Stop in NY and stay here please. <3
I'm going to make some windows shine today. Happy Saturday!
Paul's Boutique (1990) is a work of art. "High Plains Drifter," "Hey Ladies," and "Shadrach" are jewels. The whole LP? Inventive and funny.
That was one of the nicest showers I've ever had. Omg
Well, if it's a birthday present, it's a necessary ;)
I got u check me out also "TheMsMckoy" my channel I love him.
12years of school for a piece of papper with my name on it!!.. but to me its
I actually made it to first period today. Its been months.c,:
Post-#mom2summit blues this morning :( What fun that was!
Only some of us learn by other people's mistakes; The rest of us have to be the other people.(:
Thankful to be working on a project that details the struggle in the DRC. Really has opened my eyes to that region.
Sorry folks, but the Jeremy Lin chat with is canceled due to some unexpected travel issues. Working to reschedule now!
Beef and barley soup for #mondayfunday tonight!! Talls for smalls and as always intervention and hoarders!
Tweet now. The answer is on the front page of the , what is the headline about Japan? Win ! RT
The US doesn't have the right to impose its imperialism on the rest of the world. It's coming back to haunt us.
what do you mean? More then just 'get to the quarterback'?
I'll be awake ALL NIGHT I'm sure! Too much on television, Plus ... I haven't eating yet and I'm STARVING!!! :-(
Someone should petition to rename The Good Wife to The Guest Stars. Maybe we should ask Bill Lawrence for advice?
Woo!!! Heck yeah! Go Hoosiers! RT : IU > U of I
Follow please? c:
What happend to your ride?
damn, I caught the best sleep last night. :*
you do understand that this is going to get super ugly, right?
let's do it! I'm down
Richard Pyle: What makes Earth, the Planet with water, so special? The 10 to 30 thousand stories inside the library of life!!!
Finally Got my new phone
I will be at Adobo tonight at 6:30pm. Got love for music. Me too.
Jake Owen you are killing me. :'/
THANKX For the follow ....Shots fly out to Ape Gang..
With a get better mindset, you focus on improve rather than proving. Via Karen Halvorson.
Good work Momma!
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Done with finals! summer time is here! i got 3 months to go in!
This Friday's game will be played in honor of all the service men and women who give so selflessly so that we may all live in freedom!
:( I dont think this is ever going to stop.:/ just can't wait to see him tomorrow.
what about red sox flip flops???
Getting the deal done with Champ would be the ultimate PR move for the
Jonathan Duhamel Stays Top GPI Player of the Year
New ideas for #eyeworks: hoarders, my strange addiction, intervention, housewives of Amsterdam, biggest loser, plus-size brides
well hello there we should get together sometime since I really only see you like once every two years.
the skinny red fox jumped past the boring dog.
Got pizza instead. You needed to know that.
if u want the tix let me know asap. Would have 2 get it done today.
Jason Wu for Target collection hits stores this month. Thoughts on high end designers at stores like Target?
Not even Suzanne Sommers could give a header like that with Three's Kompany.
How come it's bad form for #Obama to keep mentioning Bush, but it's okay for #Mitt to keep bringing up Carter?
RT : Listening to ? He just asked the people of Sacramento to call & give your opinion of the Maloofs. 1-800-636-8686
I had cereal this morning...without any milk!
must. stop. working. but SO much is coming up next week!
Where is this Jordy Nelson BS coming from?
lucky u
Yeah buddy!!
#icantgoadaywithout...music. I've gone without talking for a week, eating/drinking for 5 days..but music is my staple. i NEED it.
There aint nun more fucked up to me thin an attractive female that smokes real talk
Oh, might have been where I went wrong. RT : Not my brain, no, just the writer's block.
Fyi AVOID I20 W toward downtown Atl, or you'll be in traffic for HOURS!
Nobody really cares until it's too late.
typos will be the death of me.
Best part of the episode.
See ya later RT : Hey everyone if you're looking for a nice Happy Hour in a 4-Star spot at 2-Star prices check out
is was good just tired
See you tonight! RT : Dinner club at tonight. Woohoo! Can't wait. I'm starving.
I've Never Been To Stubborn To Admit When I'm Wrong !
Preach it! Thanks for being a positive voice in the entertainment industry.
"Love is such a strong word" lol shut up.
NY Jets secondary often looked more lucky than good today. Bills had FAR to many opportunities.
Went to bed thinking the house was pretty cold..though it is always cold. Wondering how the thermostat got set to below 60.
Headed to Hardee's to get a biscuit for !(: Atlanta...here we come !(:
Today is a bit cooler in Seattle. I'm really enjoying the beautiful weather :-)
Please walk your dogs on the grass, not on the sidewalks - too hot for their footpads.
New site launches tomorrow! Can't wait!! :)
Just launched a twitter page for one of our clients, check it out ZBESTBBQ
We will be providing weekly updates with new pictures, events & show information for this fall schedule...
MBA Econ final in 30 min. Way too much info. Here goes nothin'
Don't but songs on my iPad, but I had to buy new single ((:
about to get my crossfit on; If I don't survive, remember I had mild affection for some of you
If your life was a novel, what would the title be?
Kurupt - "IM BURNT" ft Problem Official Music Video EXCLUSIVE
I was just told by that the project was spearheaded by He has awesome pics on his feed.
I think my tie is too tight!
Hi goodies
Can u send me a kit too?
If I die young, please don't dedicate a mile of 495 South in my memory. I WON'T appreciate it.
Making solid progress with the team. Super stoked.
I'm oh so serious!
Wait, I didn't know Glenn Close made a movie about Renting it now.
RT : Sometimes I replay the mistakes i've made in life and they still make me cringe.
Dudes dont realize when they messed up a great thing
Longest day of my existence.
haha I said it's Chris girlfriend haha
Couldn't agree more. Friends' recommendations > Pretentious Yelpers.
wherever u go ill crawl to the ends of the earth to be there too ♥♥♥RT if u like that ide do that xx♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
blink-182 is my favorite band forever and ever!!!! i watched your after midnight cover and the gotye cover, nice voice =D
..............having said that, the music played, whilst 'popular' was very enjoyable
I cared, you didn't. I cried, you laughed. I was hurt, you smiled. I moved on, you realized. </3
Thanks! Will check out these products. Glad I found you.
Congratulations on fantabulous 12-weeks of Kitchen Chem. You rock!
Why do girls like throwing themselves on guys that don't even like them? Like fuck. You see him talking to a pretty girl then BAM! SLUTALERT
Yes, send info.
RT : Never argue with a foolish person when u do it doesn't look like one foolish person arguing it looks like two!
I one day aspire to become ye olde IRB gatekeeper too! :) You'll have to share your wisdom!
Love the XX. Must go check out their entire album now.
Coffee, then #worshipteam practice! Woo Hoo! Here we go #Jesus, it's all for You!
I meant for you to say to your followers hey follow zeb he is a great person were friends an he like baseball or something!!!
s. I was worried I'd be doing this for free.
Enjoying my Vegas vacay
Lmaooo get OUT
The Bieber family is great huh??..
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
Damn the lakers going 7 games with the nuggets smh that aint good..
the fact that they can't get a deal done makes me wonder. I think it is organizational stupidity, but ...
Actually, that is what Gilbert Grape looks like
yes! I called it..so I gotta be the God-father!! Congrats sahn, I'm happy for you! ☺
Lord, Please increase my Confidence. Whenever I start to doubt myself, Help me to remember that You believe in me.
Yes, I like it. The options were good for both myself and my sons.
If you love someone set them free... If they don't come back, it's a good thing you had a tracking device implanted in them.
Dont forget my name you tatted on that lil monkey (ass) RT : I always forget I have a tattoo
pray hard my dia
This week in #thehumanevent, a brilliant genealogy for all the burning girls who once yelled "fire!": Panic Diaries cc:
": not at all bro I been slipping hard"// I just got tatted for the first time in about three months last week
Mad? Never. U shouldve never messaged me the stupid shit. Bitch don't nobody want you. I'm so tired of the "I'm So Fly" attitude. Kick rocks
You don't have a twitter unless you're following
Aloha! Just enjoyed a great tour of Oahu! This is a beautiful Hawaiian island.
For the second time today, I've turned on Earlier, it was for "Blood Diamond". Tonight, it's for "Troy". Man card getting revoked ?
LLS!!! My nap turned into sleep, I'm up now!
"Game Change," the book, reminds us that this year's GOP clown show is not unprecedented. And that Sarah Palin was only part of the story.
It's fascinating reading, but many of the journal articles are quite old (1920s-60s). Still, I love reading about old customs.
I read "Dan Porter" as "Don Draper" and I was like, how can have already seen tonight's episode? and WHAT?
why y'all conversatin bout me?
I'm Irie. So happy we have reconnected.
oh yeah, you know it. :) thx!
thank you coca-cola! I missed you too :(
": #Aquarius are usualy the Dame/knight in shiny armor. They will be the first to help out their fellow man or stray animal"
Casey heard my summer plans about shooting hoes, and ruben, and hobos... what has my life come to
Sorry....10-4 pm carriage ford is on lewis and Clark parkway
Average pay raise when an employee is recruited away is 5%. Kinda makes you wonder if they're running away from you.
Agreed, again. lol.
Flying. I don't think I could survive a drive... Already too anxious.
Brittney loves the SUPER MOON.
First impressions of STL vs. LAK series-- winner advances to the Finals. Good chance that team wins it, too.
When I started getting sick I was still tweeting- but then the app I was using said tweet sent but it didn't send them- continued next tweet
me too!
": lmaooooooo that was not intended for you.....#shotdown" keep on simone...
And I mean that literally. RT : Would likewise love a glass (though I'm not much of a gentleman).
I asked myself the same question about that movie. I liked it as a kid but watching it now... Ehh
At least I actually meant what I said..
Went shopping today with and the kiddos! Now it's naptime.
A new leader has to be able to change an organization that is dreamless, soulless and visionless
just got back home, checking it out now brotha!
Calling all student-radio peeps out there: who is making science-related podcasts, or doing independent in-depth reporting?
Please don't judge Reds fans by the rude tweets you received last night. They don't speak for Reds country!
Is the difference between challenge-based learning and project-based learning just semantics?
" Allow yourself to be inspired. Allow yourself to succeed. Dare to excel. "
haha, he's polite but he should know his way around.
I wanted to mention that I got my Ipad at my local best buy 250 this last Saturday! Its Cool, I love NetFlix and Kindle too!
Enjoying #DirtySoap on Sunday nite - great show,
You should have recd the #mlanet12 confirm email w/badge # almost instantly after reg, check spam folder?
Got some great stuff for ya ladies!!
Surround yourself with progress!
woke up early for no reason , errgghh :l Good Morning :D can't wait for today ! ♥
973 squad up
lol! What... speed?! She b movin
i am also hoping for 6th. Kings or Stars would be awesome series.
Mother's Day Idea: Buy mom a gift certificate to take a cooking class at Tap and Table! Every month we teach a new menu.
Your tweets during SMW were so helpful that I'm not surprised your mother was a librarian! Thanks for the kind words!
hey brad! Love your name!! Good luck today!!
my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me Austin <3
unless the name is in the Bible lol
Using my new coffee mug and giftcard on the way to my 2nd day Thanks to the best interns ever - & Adam :)
Why people talkin about J.cole sayin he went ghost and haven't tweeted since Diggy dissed him lol
Spending everyday with someone for a solid month. Then they all of a sudden leave.
Better news: An impressive range of government employees, academics, NGO officials granted interviews to journalism grad students.
SKINNY P my brotha!
Wish all I had to remember was ABC 123 buts its not that easy
"all the hot guys go to subway, cause its fresh."
#wordplay-o-d-day: ABUNDANCE: a bread boogie.
Technique only works if it serves the music. --
Hear that? That's the sound of me hating your guts.
THIS-> MT The stock market, like the corporation, is merely a front business that attempts to hide the brutality of the 1%
Happy #LeapDay! What are you doing with this extra 24 hours? We hope it's something exciting! Let us know!
#ArtistAdvice the music industry is a business
are you doing? Did you find a suitable habilitator for your darlings? ( our schedules didn't pan out... you read my resume)
Wow! #The Artist is perfection!! Must see!
I will tweet you when I'm around.
lots of work, and some hanging with friends. I'm back at Gamestop. How've you been dude?
“: hilary remains overrated because people don't want to let go of their childhood.”!!!!!!!!!
Comparative American Studies releases volume 9 issue 2. For a sneak preview visit: www.ingentaconnect.com/content/maney/cas
We offer confidential psychotherapy ... visit our website for more information.
Me and Ally dying each others hair this weekend. This will be FUN!
Poinsettia Bowl today! GO FROGS!
you are quite the Neo-Victorian gentleman/poet/difference engine programmer
I hate
I almost feel bad for people that run for public office for the power, prestige, or perk. Do it for the people or your plans won't prosper.
So many emotions running through me right now!
Never really knew how good corn chips actually are..lol now im sittin her stuffing my face lmao
Catching up on the
Tried to create an interdisc. unit on bicycling with the US PRO Challenge starting just 5 miles from my school. Skyping w/ pro cyclists=cool
Guest Article from Sarah Walker: The Viability of a Property Investment Franchise Business
Mario Cristobal is entering Year 6 at Florida International. In the last two years he has posted an impressive 15 wins and 2 bowl bids.
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
If there were a "like" button on Twitter, I would "like" your Shrute bucks.
It's the final countdown! So pumped for & RT : I'm at La Jolla Presbyterian Church w/
Tweet me on what i should do next ; talk news about... Football, soccer, baseball, basketball, cricket or others and post it... Thanks!!
when is Celia's late night this week? I need to talk to her but I always miss her
#HappyMothersDayMotherMonster happy Mothers day!!!
la rosa de guadalupe!!!
Just got a new watch at the Fossil Outlet store! you were right! Great deals!
League is "WI Indycar Fans" at indycar nation. Deadline for st. Pete picks is 8am tomorrow.
its my birthday and its almost over all i want is for yall to follow me plz alex and austin plz
Na' long story... I'm overcoming a stroke.
you're probably right.. #stupidbox lol
I adore you........ You're so incredibly amazing and beautiful
Freakin love the guitar in your pic! Holy shiz!
No question here, I got the President's back. I support the Affordable Care Act.
It takes a system to address climate change.
1br in Lower Haight SF, $1000/mo +utilities at friends 4br apartment. LMK if you or friend is interested.
USALLY I LOVE EVEYONES FUNNY QUOTES AND JOKES CAUSE THERE FUNNY
fUCK dEM fOLKS
You are like school on Saturday; no class.
chick-fil-a date with !
well my aunt buys so many!!
Enjoying the Michigan snow!
I find it hard to get in the dreamy writing zone while working on a screenplay. Distracted by all the Fade ins and scene numbers. Anyone?
Cody can you please wish a happy birthday :) it would mean the world to her :)
What does Capone's vault and Geraldo Rivera's head have in common? They're both empty.
It's crab time....
haha i just might
Mark Duffy~ I could not lose unless I was caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
Yeah, I like it too. Like most zooms, it breaths a bit on focus pulls. But it's sharp, robust, and relatively affordable.
Nashville folks: are "Lounge" shows free or always a certain price? Site says $0, but also "tickets at the door."
Apparently I need to get my wisdom teeth out and it'll cost $7,000 w/ my insurance. No wonder my dentist drives a Range Rover.. Dang.
Newsflash: Jeezy talks about selling cocaine, y'all. (Re: TM103)
have you ever had steamed broccoli with cheese on top? So good
Turning it in for the night man. Catching up with the online world.
omg omg always D:
Hi John! You're on fire...literally! Thank you for following Philly's BEST BBQ!
Lol yes. I mainly read it
Come on Don! I know you have more to say...
Not sure how calling the activity "Google vs. the Library" fights "vs" mentality...
I'll be working the morning shift at tomorrow. Stop by and pay me a visit.
Oh my goodness! I know! They're perfect together! :]
Thank you for your RT! I hope you like my post!! :)
im saying cause I'm at the mall wiff dem cause I just ranned into them n I said retweet if u want me to tell dem u said hi
GO ANDY!! This is awesome :)
Thanks for info on Vaclav Havel and the Dalai Lama.
& I love Soy la del rincon & Roberta! ; )
So for a motion of reassurance I allow her to gain self control
Went out for a run at the beach. RT if you #run at the
Live tweeting today from the Annenberg Networks Seminar - great lineup of leading networks research - follow #annconf -
We are spending the weekend at our property in the country, just being here is good for my soul. Love it!
'Bout to get swayze y'all!!
Ill pass on this national weed day crap
. We're excited you're following us. Thanks for your support. Enjoy Quemajee!
Stoked to a putting a wine dinner June 10th, 2012 with great local seafood paired with amazing bio-dynamic wines.
Just watched Joe Strummer's bio...would've been insane to catch those legendary times!
deep throating bunnies
Be very careful who you let in your camp. some don't deserve a membership stamp!
Why should POTUS give these hatemongers the time of day?
he's beautiful
but not the best when it comes to waking up lol.
I need some upbeat music this morning.. Put me in a better mood... Get my mind off things.. What comes on? All I Could Do Is Cry, Etta James
Thanks for the RTs and support, guys! Looking forward to rockin' witchou in March!
We fully agree. Pop-up ads suck. Our ad network pushed them on tonight and we're shutting them down ASAP.
That's a typical possession with a guy named drew who spells his name with a J
You wanna be a pirate!
Well up and ready for work.
That moment when your face lights up when someone says your crush's name.
Yes! What specifically would you like to be improved?
sometimes you gotta do what's best for America and not uncle Ed. Ron Paul!
On this beautiful day I get to go work on my day off. This better be worth it!
Sexual fantasies are healthy, occurring most often in people showing the fewest sexual problems and least sexual dissatisfaction. (Leiten...
At the dentist hope it don't take all day .
At the Pyle Center, listening to Bud Selig
& here comes my moment of dread. Fear is only temporary, my future is bright, there is more 2 life than this & this 2 shall pass
Ana pulled over on Blewett because her mom's minivan was acting funny. Within minutes, the whole van was engulfed in flames.
"Everything ends badly, otherwise it wouldn't end." - Tom Cruise
I did end up taking a nap when I got home
i find that typing on the keyboard very loudly helps
Thanks for that feedback, Bobby. I'll pass that along to the magazine and to the annual gifts team.
#Str8LykeDes... Time after time mane gad damn....
HIS IDEAS. Hahahahaha.
I have such a baby face it pisses me off
Woah..actually felt that quake..wild sensation. Glad it was nothing big.
Saying goodbye to the familiar. Hello to change.
do you have Austin's Bright Light Social Hour on your radar? Totally should.
Purchasing Managers – Are You Interested in a Career As a ...
Did you catch that double rainbow over Portland this morning?
So fuckin jealous at my sister who went to Mac Miller!!! Fuck u Cordelia!(: haha jkjk I love her<3
Going to LA Times Festival of Books? I'll be emcee at the YA Stage today and tomorrow from 11-5. Stop by and say hi!
RT ": I love when teachers respond to my emails right away... it makes my life so much easier."
Eat first
#Personofinterest is hitting #domesticviolence on the target!!! tune in!
just finished practice...new song is awesome
Mondays would be "? " And Fridays "!" RT : if days were punctuation, wednesday would be the ellipsis.
YES YOU ARE FUCKED! SHIT OUT OF LUCK! NOW I'M COMPLETE AND MY COCK YOU WILL SUCK
And that is the game, folks.
why is everyone so SHORT?! I'm not even in HEELS!
My wife, is having the neigbors over for an #Oscar party. I don't think I've seen ANY of the movies.
Cause you got a smilee that takess me to another plaanettt! <3
Green and yellow!
I would SHITTED my pants.....
Movie date...
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong.
happy birthday dude!
": Ready to book my flight to Miami.. Holla at me." Ya damn right that's the place to be lol
Potatoes in any form are gods gift to earth.
awesome! thanks so much!
Mil also cares about climate change - negative impacts increase demands
If you love me tweet me a number.
always staring at the screen but just at least having the webcam going all the time
getting my finger pricked at the doctors= pain and a lot of going ow
hey. its what I like :) RT : Ah well. Lol. RT : ... I probably wont ever cast fems, probably all andro women.
We'd love to see pictures. Hope you enjoy a wonder-fuller life with your new Fatboys!
Is At&t one of them?
Due to some technical problems we will be closed today for our morning shift. We will re-open at 6pm today. Thank you
Saving the best conference for last...jk...no really lol
Arrrrrggggghhhhh!!!! WHAT DID MY DOG ROLL IN???? Bath today...
Jordan Jefferson still can't get past midfield. Well there's always Lark Voorhies.
makin this spring break awesome!
you can't spell article...
Today was great, my shoulder didn't hurt at all, and I actually throw faster :o sucks it's too late to join :/
OK, this I gotta know about this.. Tell me about the office copy machine, lease and big repair bills.... please.
Hi, yourself! What state are you in at the moment?
Cutting sugar out of my diet, so naturally I bought candy to break a $20.
Weird how the mall looks like it has weekend numbers before 7am
You know it girl!!!!
hope u read the letter I gave u and follow me <3
You should, it changes your view on things. Read it so you guys won't think I'm crazy when I talk about it lol
I can't wait to see the next muppets movie, "The muppets look for work"
Thanks for helping us celebrate unsung #volunteer heroes,
No matter the distance. No matter the time spent apart. We will always be the best of friends & our memories will last a lifetime
H3yy, wh R y0uu dO!nq?" About to throw a dictionary in your face.
Margie Haber workshops are life changing! I just got casted as a feature in the film "The Dark Secret!" Thank U Margie for being who U are!
We're very happy to have you! Thank you for participating in
Welcome back!
The Lincoln Memorial is simply gorgeous. Visiting it made my trip!
So many people just take take take... might be time to give!
Just received a huge shipment from Stonewall Kitchen like Bellini mix great w/ Prosecco, New England Cranberry Relish to dollop on turkey.
I love having oatmeal in the house.....breakfast is a no brainer every morning and SO easy...
Now they all left a mess for me to clean up. Not very Christmasy of them.
We are stoked too! Welcome aboard! RT Just got my first freelance piece for Stoked for this :)
- congrats on the new house!!
#MovieOrBowelMovement is trending, HA... why not both? I prefer to say, Just dumped one out.
its because we ran out of chincken tenders guhhh wahhhhhh :(
So much hidden by language, Art, Myth, etc
some of the community colleges can train in facilities maint. some do a good job in hydraulics maint.
Sad to hear Sarah Welsh plans to leave the helm at NM Foundation for Open Government, next year. She'll be missed.
GovBrewer must B so proud banning #PP funding 4 pap smears & other lifesaving women's health tests. Idiot! Zero #PP funding was 4 abortions.
Swim Marathon - global effort - careful to not be too spammy. Helps if you have many helpers instead of just one megaphone
happy birthday!
Rusted Root, Get the Led Out & Molly Hatchet just a few of the names coming to this year's Party in the Park series
Wow, I'm loving presentation slides - great visualization of the "field of intention".
Just read about your grand adventure. Best of luck!
I know. Thant why I mentioned it.
How do we align with #Health and #Education? Principal as leader, administrator as key communicator.
At first I thought you said "forts." That seems plausible, too!
Nick just turned 5 this month, and we've got our first instance of him being bullied (at pre-K). Advice?
CANTOR GAMING AND PALMS CASINO RESORT ANNOUNCE ...
cope/kōp/ V: Deal effectively with something difficult; Cover joint/structure with a coping. N: A long, loose cloak.
Ugh, it's already 81 outside. Thank goodness we are spending the day with friends at their pool. I am already scared for tonight, though.
how's house coming? What's the latest?
Must admit, I am curious. Seems like a place that should be in the Gaslamp, tho. ;)
Q1) metaphors quickly draw parallel from past, potentially shared experience
am #workout! #GetItIn. No substitutions!
you're welcome!! (:
Most things we think r impossible in life is because we have never tried them. So go for every dream & opportunity before making a judgement
Visiting Santa at Macy's in NYC. Nothing quite like it.
no freaking way! youre in Austin?!! 😲 ahh! ❤
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
De'riyah juss gave me a big ole kiss on the cheek then she pulled my hair nd she tlking shit
Miss you too Sunshine! I'm getting closer. Should be there no later than August! :)
"the only people that come here twice must not eat out much" - my dad lol
is verified?! I have to admit-I am somewhat envious. Actually...quite envious.
I know a few bug a boos
that is so weird because you are in my stream and it shows I am following you.
I know I said this on FB...but BEAUTIFUL pic!!!! :)
just reply all to every email you send.
Trying to do a story on winter cycling and don't have anyone to talk to? Email and she will hook you up with an interview
it's so weird watching #howimetyourmother knowing that neil patrick harris is
His Biq John ;Gott My eye 👀:))
well good night love you all can i get goodnight back haha:)
Today is blessed
tell me what they're saying...
Blast heard in support of drug war victims wrongly convicted in cell for mom in Myanmar.
Also, I can't wait for "Moneyball."
Geffen Playhouse was amazing! I finally understand why people love theatre
Niggas really be mad when they losing in video games lmfao
Checking the calendar and wondering when I'll get a completely lazy weekend. Wishing for sweats, movies, take out from Friday - Sunday..
A BIG #SUMO shout out to all you HARD WORKERS!! Keep doing what you're doing! It pays off...
we can help you with Social Media/Email Marketing/ Mobile Marketing. Engage your current base and find new customers.
no I just need you to come here so we can have fun all over cali!!! <3
happy #pi day!
Brr... It's getting a little chilly out there....Come in to Hollywood Tans and warm up in our booths and keep your summer glow :)
Shoe shopping is jerking off for ladies.
i think it's called David Beckham RT : Is there such a thing as Fantasy Soccer?
Great show last night at max's place with Davy Kay sparrow! Now off to Indy to play with the Brent Wallarab sextet!
yum. Where at?
Very cool! Love to meet you out at a meeting (last Wed of the month, location varies). Should talk @ #UX sometim
I didn know we were playing hide and seek o.O
Everyone have a safe and happy #holiday weekend!
Fresh Mozzarella: The Good Stuff
My diet lately has consisted of lean cuisines and chocolate.
#whenwomangetmad it's because some dumbass man did something to her..
I'm honestly not in the mood today !
RT : In a relationship you gotta realize sometimes your partner needs their own time..
Sgt. Lund in Rock Co. says body of Lee Vesely was just found by cadaver dog not far from crash, was missing since midnight Wednesday
Heads up! More art and photos are being posted soon.
NEW coconut flour orange cupcakes with coconut icing-available for Mother's Day. gluten-free, sugar-free
#NYMets in #DC staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City, Arlington VA
Free or cheap iOS apps are changing the economics for blind people looking for useful tech, says
The Cupid Shuffle. Love showing the moves on the dance floor. ;-)
Just caught kevin spawn trying to check out maddie's butt
So we out-of-towners could fill out the survey just to pad the numbers, or you could remove us from the total. Preference?
whenever you ready how long you home for?
have fun it's going to be great wish I could join you!!!!
Happy Chinese New Year!
Ok so... If this stupid thing doesnt come tomorrow... Im just losin all hope.
Hey Ryan! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
It hit home a bit to be honest. That's prob why I loved it so much. Kat, she was like "meh".
I get that, but why are Y even mentioning it unless Y somehow think it means something nefarious happened to Breitbart?
WITTY WED: Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
RT : Tough to sleep after that 1 but woke up with a fresh mind to get better..
Thats the reason why you dont text me back..
i am doing great! life is great
Looks like the #Blackhawks want to join the #RedWings for some golf.
Working at the PHCA today lots of projects to get done....
o ok
Is Wayne Brady gonna have to Djokovic!?
Oh- learning management systems, not library media specialists hashtag fail on my part.
I can't be the best, so I'm gonna take Sunday off at home and get undressed .
the average text message users age is 35
And the final winner of #wtfweek contest is ! Pls DM us your address & a limited edition Box Set is headed your way!
What am I saying this is so worth it
i got hit with a wooden spatula before
Running late for work smh
thanks for the follow, honored!
Good night twitter
was pretty cool. I RT the final pic.
Nope, is it good?
Twitter asks us, "what are you doing" not "what are your problems". I don't want to hear people complain.
I'm getting you access to Cheftable, stand by
Doc on KG's screen: "If you look at it closely, I thought Iguodola hooked Kevin's arm from underneath, and that's what pulled him."
Unknown~ The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese.
hmu ! follow me back
WELL THEN YOU HAVE A CHANCE go get your man girl
Has she offered a black woman a show yet?
depends what browser you're using
We can dance standing up or lay a blanket down..
I do
......we also need a better class of visitor.....
The World Bank reaffirmed its support to put forward the cities agenda.
It sucks when you know that those promises they make are going to be broken
Santorum: We're going to have to win on vision." biggest issue of day: govt robbing us of our fundamental freedom
We had the best record again in bball, won our division again, had the top seed again, that's all that matters, yo" -Carlos Boozer-
An unorthodox Follow Wednesday for , aka Brian M. Rosenthal, as he tackles the #Seattle #education beat for The Seattle Times
WOW it was just announced there is a Hurricane warning for Pittsburg PA tonight
Working on our new educational catalog which we will be taking to the 2011 National Media Market in Las Vegas!
Wow, meeting at 8am this morning! No sleep, so we can't get slept on!
Listening to strip by chris brown I like this song and boyfriend by justin bieber ITS AMAZING. :)
“: Anyways. Lemon ricotta pancakes comin right up! ^_^” where? And why didn't you text me an invite?
I'm sure you will.
You're welcome--and thank you for renewing your membership! We are happy to have you back.
Friends are like melons; shall I tell you why? To find one good you must one hundred try. Claude Mermet.
Good day for sports in the windy city!
RT : o! Columbia Art Gallery in Hood Rvr serving during West Coast Teapots 2012, 3/2-4/1. Lovely way to...
time for #SMASH, season finale!
Headed up to AT&T to clown!
I wish there was more time in the day. Never get to finish what I plan on doing :(
no man I was waisted when I wrote that tweet I could of been talking about anything. Good news thoe
I am going to shoot you kid
so you never shorted under $1?
"suck it"
Love old people
howdy, here is my plea, again. I need to transfer my #GDC12 #GDC registration to someone. Early bird+Alumni rate.
Has Foresee taken over the entire web now? Now getting their popups on noncommercial sites like the Library of Congress.
On the train back to
Valu-Pass members join together in order to take advantage of group buying power.
thx but if u knew me u wouldn't say that :) plus follow my new account :)
Been ice fishing since 7:00 am, but as of right now, our walleye dinner is looking pretty meager. #LittleHelp?
Amen RT Not rootin for them but I hope Seattle beat the 49ers
Kyle Drabek was on Kennys radar. He wanted to give them Floyd for him. Drabek 2.00 era so far.
Wonder when they'll recognize in México that the big winner of the Battle of Puebla was the U.S., that's why huge celebration in the States
Also Del Negro is a joke of a coach, still dnt know how Memphis blew that series
a close second is "The Promethean Charter School" in Butternut due to my love of Greek Methology
I just really wish that I had a running bud, but no. I hate the scary trucks that drive by and STARE and slow down.
I (do/do not) watch YOUTUBE vids for help with my natural hair! (Please pick one)
Make sure you want to get in the ring before you get in the ring.
Great crowd and great energy for game tonight! Love an excuse to give away free drinks and shots!
We pick a winner from each! And we're glad that you're as excited for the season as we are...see you in May!!
Smoking without me<<<
did we not follow each other before? That's silly.
#DesireThursdays the sensation of surrendering to a desire is living life force.
love you to
Thank you! Someone finally understands! I don't know how they can even make the comparison!
I Miss Vinny's Voice :( <3
...13? I think. Lol. Does that make me a bad sister, because I'm not sure. LMAO.
Ready for Gold Card week? Come in and take advantage of the huge savings! March 1st - 7th. Not a Gold Card member yet? Only $11.99/yr. here!
yes ma'am!
Drinking some wine while & I put up the tree. AawwwwyyyeahhhhhH!!!!!!
I saw your mommy and your mommy was dead...
Thanks, Roberta. Cleveland half not that far off. Ready?
who makes your skins dude?
“: You can't be a player forever man- tyga” cut that r&b shit out
Fire official says blaze at Woodburn High School started in wood shop or metal shop
Goodbye paper flashcards indeed. Thank you for spreading the word, Desiree! Review, flip, quiz, repeat.
Stop playing PR politics and do your job. The American economy is a lot more important than Norquist's pledge
win a private movie party in r private theater 4 you & 20 of ur closest friends 4 1 night, pizza and popcorn included
...the missing words were "petroleum derivatives."
This is the first time in awhile I got to sleep in!
Sure do! How have you been?
We need to understand that "education is something that we create for ourselves" not "something that is provided for us"
my middle aged eyes love e-reading. Kindle for iPad is awesome-- look forward to your book!
Where's the watermelon.
: it wasnt meant 4 him 2 b there den...if it was he wouldnt have left n if it is he'll b back so dont b sad ur beautiful...
Ohmygoood. The google zipper thing is soo much fun... #Fact -.-
website re-design! Far less clutter and larger type size! Nice job :)
Just finished editing my paper for the #AES spring conference, presenting tomorrow
Any symptoms yet Danny?
i was juss talkin to him about music and he told me hit u up lol....u do music?
Some auditory delights in honor of our beeswax-producing friends, w/out whom there would be no Stewart&Claire (lip balm)....
Dear NYC, you gave me everything I never knew I wanted. I <3 u!
#inpdx the social review mapped by degrees will be the ultimate hack. Open graph + rating
Forgetting the chapstick when your lips are pretty badly chapped is some kind of Alanis Morissette BS
yeah, took 5th at masters
#schoolmemories playing super monkey bloons in farris class everyday .
"The War Around Us" will make its world premiere at the Newport Beach Film Festival on April 29. Congrats to the Mohyeldin Brothers!
This twitter. Dm funny n a bad way from brianna
Got in-service!
I don't want a Prince in shining armor. I don't want a man who drives fast cars. I want a Canadian in Purple Supras ♥
In South Florida it's Good Evening right now ;)
Pink Floyd The Wall At 30: Would Pink Have A Facebook Page? - Houston Press (blog)
Why you eyein my lemon drink 👀
Whew! Just emailed ten resumes! That should do the trick!
I heard a rumor (True? I don't know, but it's scary) that there are1200 homeless people camping in the woods around Disney in FL
I wish former Dean Durand could be here to see us graduate cc
Today is the first day I've turned on my computer since last Friday!
You said you saw a video that you saw of me and I am quite certain you didn't see a video of me. Another Badger had this issue
I've been doing me so start doing you . Shit.
tweet tweet lol
. Break a leg! And say hello to for me!
Finished 'You're Not Doing It Right' by and it's everything i want my own memoir to be, which rules, since i <3 plagiarism.
is #wulgus trending yet, if not, then why
Huge Blizzard here in Illinois, however #Corporate Safe is open and ready to service our clients. Did you know we have #24/7 service and li…
Thanks man Check out my music tell me what you think!
Ops shouldnt of done that .
...I think most of us agree on the first point, but forget about the problems of achieving the second -- independence ...
Being a Detroit ____ fan, not shedding a tear for any Chi. teams Greeny. Sorry 4 you though. Tue. is coming up also.
well you tweeted me. So you wanted something. Then I asked you to and you said "NO". So that implies there is something.
I would use Path but it would be embarrassing that people I barely know are in my 100
The Dems have the pro-gay rhetoric pegged at 11. Late but welcome!
B. Griner = Big Bird
Did you guys hook up?
Being the most indecisive person in the world is getting me nowhere and making me crazy. Might be time to change that.
what?! what did you guys fix?
After further review Howard the Duck is actually really weird. Not in a good way.
Yes girl..TELL these NEGROS,just cuz u paid for a MEAL,DONT MEAN nookie..cuz we both know sex outside of connection is
Woods wins his first golf tournament in 2 years to capture the Chevron World Challenge title.
There is a Veteran's Day parade between me, my car, and my office. This should be interesting.
Nice job! Thumbs up! Check out the new Development Gateway website bit.ly/bM2e0g and let them know what you think! MT
omg shes so drunk!!!!! ahahahaha its so funny!
Me either. Or my followers list.
I must go on my next trip home.
there are like 20 cardinals on our deck right now. probably has something to do with the birdseed
I'm not sure being a good game is the point of Munchkin, to be honest. (Sort of like AD&D2...)
have a doll with his hair but dosent have a hair cut
hearing Mark Lyons is considering Kentucky. Doesn't SEC have a rule against 5th year senior transfers? U think he ends up at AZ
Performing magic tonight with Jason at the Wilmette Theater. Our unborn child reads minds.
I'm starting his classes really soon .
Just heard the first two tracks on Organ Fantasies. In the words of Christopher Walken, "Wow! Wowie wow wow wow!"
RT : Knicks also getting Corey Brewer from Minnesota in the three- team trade. Curry and Randolph go to Minny
thats co (: thats my cousin name .
Welcome to the team Nick Meyer and Colt Cubillos!!!
The common wealth of VA
For a brief period time last night, the UN was highly productive.
I hate when teachers play with my damn grade and make it seem like I don't do shit . I'm pissed the fuck off
Women who work out & watch calories reduced #belly fat cell size by 18%.
AND I KNOW IT MIGHT SOUND CRAZY! 
Did you save any for the rest of our dreams??
turkey burgers..but not for me..I don't eat meat :)
OMG! I am so glad today is a holiday I had a ball last night just ask my body it won't get out of bed...lol. More to come later.
This downtown area of Atlanta by woodruff park and underground is super pissy.
Yay for this beautiful day!!
RT : Let's have sex likes we are playing tennis(:
Its a perfect day to get in some trouble
I played 95 dollars for this weave plus tax BOW
Maybe that's why you have no girlfriends, because you "making friends" is you being a whore.
I haven't, but I love her so I'm excited to see the show. :D So happy I got tickets.
Love this tweet!!
we can only hope :)?
#pleasenote... In Santa Monica, if a parking garage says "FULL" it will always have about 20 spaces available.
Are there #edchat equivalents/analogues in Spanish? (Preparing to present to 200 teachers in Mexico City next week). ()
ask -- he registered us as a business, apparently...
I unfollowed the people that weren't following me sorry
Do you include tips in your budget? Depending on the size of your affair, tipping costs can become quite substantial.
Caught 2001 there last year, so prolly not for that one. Might do ET though. You?
Rant: Why do some people reply to a tech post, saying that they are not having any problems? How is this helpful? Try offering a solution!
Scotland loves Newmatic! Our new friend Simon from Scotland shows up at our hard rock show with this shirt on! Incredible!
“We’re working in standard drifter dialect…not RP drifter.” (#dareproject chatter)
stand up for those who cannot stand up for themselves
that sux. I got watchu need (french montana voice)
US SC rules in Morrison v. NAB Ltd. case involving the scope of application of s 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
hey aaron happy holidays
Still can't believe what #oomf told me! 😱
aye bro when you make it bug i'm gonna need about 7 thousand bucks man
Indeed we are! But through my personal acct. Through my "page" i can't connect w/ "people" only other pages. Oh Facebook.
The #Bucks playoff hopes, on life support heading into the night, are officially zapped after the #76ers blowout Win over the
We get to decide how we structure our day!
naw man, it's the kiss cam!
I think they were beings and not ships, the things they do will make u think they r ships, they were using thoughts to communicate.
thanks again!
ready to see my cousin :)
Dont believe me? Well Im not afraid to prove to you.
engage how so? We have a lot of outward facing sites, and a couple with outside users., but not sure if that's what you mean
Only if you redistribute its source code.
Agreed! Hard 4 some teachers 2 give up that power. I nver lectured when I taught. Obj. on board. I walked and helped.
STAY FLY AND KEEP THEM GEARS TURNIN. YOU GOT THIS.
it bugs you that much baby cakea
Semester officially in the books.
At St Arnold's Mussel Bar in Cleveland Park. So how much is .3 liters in pints?
I nominate for #BayAreaFreshmen10 2011 via
Thanks to everyone who showed love in 2011, stay connected for 2012, more to come... Happy 2012!!
“: What rainy day music are you listening too?”
fosho long time no c
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE U AT????
Yawn. That is all.
I am sad that will not be joining us the weekend! Maybe we should plan a road trip to see her.
how about a bag? YSL or Balenciaga?
I was so worried about prism. You are good, girl!
I am so lucky in this respect. My dad is an entrepreneur so he's all about going your own way. He would give you a high 5.
shoutout to - hope you have a great day and take care :)
At the WSU bball game with my dad and brothers. First game as a ranked team!
I haven't seen you in ages. Sometimes I find myself wondering where you are. For me you'll always be 18, And beautiful.<3
enjoyed Tina Fey as Sarah Palin on SNL.
#AmandaKnox #acquitted in #Italian court. Free to leave the country!!
you don't talk about it!!!!
Sounds like the government wrote the script. Lol.
Laugh Until You Cry Cry Until You Laugh...
Lol no sorry, I was attempting to be 21 again.
I'm stoked on the new session
Women tend to be more open to sharing and engaging in conversation. Also SM/blogging gives a voice to everyone.
So do something
I got that after I sent it.
email a shipping address to we'll send you some prototypes. Just ask honest feedback in return.
"Birdsong" is a moving expression of the triumphant human spirit and the benevolence we all possess, delivering the highest form of love.
#reading the girl who played with fire. Holy crap, it's a good book.
same thing I told em
“: Headed to Tarpon w/ and to see play live. Come out for it!!”
. - Simply the best! Doors open at 9. See you tonight...
always a goddess & yr profile is extra amazing. x o.
and let us know how you get on with them!
PingFederate 6.5 upgrade completed. No PowerPoint required. Thanks Unleash the tokens!
I'm assuming you will be relieving of his duties?
starving ugh ugh ugh
#sxsw on the brain...time to start racking up those rsvps!!
Rental Market Emerges as Housing's Bright Spot, Reported by Realtor Magazine Daily Real Estate News
Watching Aladdin was my favorite thing to do as a kid :)
What if someone would help me get there if I raise $20k potential?? Would you help me??
I had a feeling this was gone happen..
Spending a evening with my original queen "my mother"
Happy 1st Mother's Day! :)
Crazy crazy times
RT : Well spoken #nerdland |I had never heard that argument before. Adding it to my arsenal.
Im Finna go For It Even If My Mom Or Dad Said No Im Still Gonna Do It OML ♥
Better get it checked out quickly!
First one I can recall seeing you in was Gotham with Tommy Lee Jones. "Can I offer you a beer? Mayonnaise?"
Why am I here when I should be #writing?
Interesting findings. Any particular reasons why?
haha Harry stamper is the man.
#Foxtrot is used by health systems to improve revenue cycle managment. Collection updates post to core systems automatically with
thank u! =D
lol i will be so sad if that happens :( n yeahh that'd be cool
ellie likes to sit on my shoulder.... i put her back in my lap, and she just climbs right back up!
Anybody Else Been Up All Night?
What!!!!! Omg. Today is getting it out me emotionally. New Orleans breaks my heart sometimes.
I remember when the pacers used to suck
Me too! I'll collect names of all who tweeted interest in a hangout.
I want a new watch but I have no idea where to even look. anyone have any recs on where to look on the internet? hate department stores.
Tomorrow it will be one month til my birthday! :))) I'm so excited! :)
EFF YEAH DUDE. GET THAT GOSPEL CRAP OUT!!!!!
You're honestly actin like a fucking two year old now. No wonder you don't have any damn friends. Go fall down a hole.
Good morning Happy New Year TWEETERS!!!
THANK YOU to everyone who helped spread the word about our new youtube video.unfortunately it was the wrong version! new one is up & running
are u a boy or a girl
too bad you wont do it
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids - Deseret News
My house smells a lot like that one green plant.. With the leaves. The one that trashy white girls get tattoed on the bottom of there back.
strangely no reply from now. not even to my email. would still like to get the dyson heater but apparently they arent responding
I double dog dare a-rod to get a twitter account..... That piece of shit just got on FB LOL what a toolbag
Anybody have a man's police outfit? Or know anyone that does?
bout to go hit up starbucks and talk with my buddy bout cool shirt designs, was hoping someone got RaidersNiner game tickets todayformybday
hey its actually june 1st, my bad.
Whats the deal Ms Evans...?
RT : Want to go a White House garden tour this weekend? Free Sunday tickets still available:
I'm giving away tickets to Blue October in 2 min on the air
There was actually a popular lit mag called CRANKY until recently. What about SQUISHY?
Go Calgary!
Conversation about #diversity and #church with our youth.
The moment when u fart and take your hand from your ass and smell it...#shit stank
Foodie #ff Thanks a bunch. Great group there
lol wow, good to know! ;-)
I compare you to a kiss from a rose
That was a good laugh 😉.
i agree 100%!
What is yellow on the inside and green on the outside ?A banana dressed up as a cucumber !
I love tattoos. If it were up to me I'd have a sleeve. What are you thinking about getting?
Many thanks to and for putting together an inspiring panel on R/GA and design careers for our students!
I miss you too cutie ;*
GC still hires and makes the decision on what law firms on panels, but they are not alone. Procurement Departmnets ARE buyers.
Just Came back From The Beach, Got A Nice Tan(:
if you treat me right . ill treat you better . anyone that really knows me can vouch to that ! <3 down like 4 flat tires <3
Huffpo bloggers have consistently shown themselves out of the loop and inept in every way possible. Shocking for a Yahoo! site, right?
When I'm writing, I know I'm doing the thing I was born to do. -Anne Sexton
oh, and none of my shifts I registered for are showing up.
You MUST make the choco cups & take pix- & one for you & one for tochter! :-)
thanks for telling me!!! Congrats! I TOLD YOU!!
Did anyone lose blue hydro fins at SMC Saturday 7am?
you are my FAV people EVER! Now I know who's behind these Yay's!
The Flu Season is looking great, everyone!! Buy your 10 dollar tickets for this Thurs-Sun at fluseason.eventbrite.com !
To each his own!
Thats why we create so much. The city is a survivor too. And unpredictable. And gorgeous, nothing else compares.
Federal Agents Raid South Baltimore Flea Market &amp; Seize Counterfeit Goods - CBS Local
Catching up on my ustreams. Checking this one from Dec. 9 to be exact
hey desk job, get up and dance!
If you see something, say something. If you think a child has been abused, please call 1-800-25-ABUSE
Heading directly into the epicenter of the epicenter of Cool.
Happy Birthday to the King Of Reggae...~Bob Nesta Marley!
I can't even play tonight. Work early in the morning
Looking for exclusive eyewear, look no further #emilio pucci is offered exclusively at our Pittsford location. Get the attention you deserve
that last one she was sidestepping and diggins slid... Charges are out of control in both wbb and mbb imo
I will! And yes it is
if a programmer isn't creative, they're a pretty crappy programmer. dunno who Mike Minkoff is but I disagree 500% with him
"Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones." ~Theodore Roosevelt ()
Teaching in room without ac and toothache :)
Why so much hate?
Oh what are your plans tonight?!
miss you too!
Nice number!
Besides Adrenaline rocking tonight at Mulligans 64, Mulligans is a great place to watch the grizzlies. Come on!!!!
how you tempt me to comment on your foursquare posts!
I just want to let you know I am not a weirdo :) I just really like ur tweets and stuff
Tucson Parents: Will you enroll your kids in swim lessons this summer? If so - where? Parks & Rec? ? Or a private swim school?
thanks steve for the follow. i need to speak re the project i first called u 4. swamped 310 9020346
Rest relax and recover!
I feel like its getting colder and colder Brrrr
Yes, why would the Anthony family put duct tape on a child that had drowned? To make it look like murder??
YoU beautiful : )
If you have ever wanted to learn to play the piano or are wanting to revisit the piano, this is for you! Let’s all have fun at Piano Source.
The message at youth group tonight was awesome. Now headed to catch the last half of the Arlington/Bartlett soccer game!
Try Fail Learn Win---take risks/don't complain.
Benefits Of Coupons
Should've went to that party.
I'm in NC. I need help too!
i think i need one of those shock collars that buzzes me whenever i go on facebook instead of working.
Shell station down the street from #TireTech in #Cologne: $7.39/gal. for diesel, $7.92/gal. for regular. riding the S-bahn!
“ "Even if the titties are out you must talk to them." - Cabbie on Bourbon St” I expect some twitpics
#YouWasSexyUntil u went around #AmberCole ing it....
#imagine Niall is sleeping and you attack him with a pillow Niall: AHH! you: morning babe *kisses him*
UK scared!
After cutting this Kickstarter video, I now know why I've never cast myself in my own films. (Unrelated: also I can't act.)
Cooking channel has innovative shows for delicious and easy dishes. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Bobby Flay
daylight come & me wanna go home :) have a great day-o :)
RT : MT : Tomm #AmericanU names Pres. Bill Clinton #Wonk of the Year. Better luck next time &
what time can I come over
The competition looked stiff. I hate competition. It’s one of the seven warning signs of work.
RT BE SURE TO ATTEND MY "PIECE N UNITY IN OUR BX COMMUNITY CONCERT" THIS JUL SPONSORED BY BX ASSEMBLYMAN "ERIC STEVENSON" DETAILS COM SOON!
Thanks so much for the webinar! Really appreciate it. Very informative.
Aw, man, I am really looking forward to a little vacay. Maybe I'll even put a little dent in my 'to-read' list on !
has two new books, yummy food, and fabulous company for Movie in the Park tonight. :)
Just lookin out for ya broski. Only the good die young, but only the young die good. Fuck dying at 90, I'll live when I'm 20.
"Oh, mirror in the sky - What is love? Can the child within my heart rise above?" ::fleetwood mac::landslide::
Stanton is a beast...pure beast.
you are so pretty!:)
Thanks for the RT!
Today's BTU inspiration: "The best mind-altering drug is truth." ~Lily Tomlin
Did you miss the 1st special performance by du Soleil @ #drupa? Follow #xeroxdrupa for details of the next one hall 8b
"Remember me as the one who got away.."
give me an hour and a half to get home
girl, we all blow up at the religious right at some point. Be proud if how u said it.
Ain't shit you can say to change my mind
is back! One of my favorite voices EVER. Yay !
Cry, yes, with happiness. Scream, no, it's not good for my condition. Sleep, yes, it is good for health.
An extra two days in the country after all, hardly know what to do with myself!
Best wishes to all my friends running the #BostonMarathon today! Stay well-hydrated in the heat and have a great race!
That would be great; I would love to see the reaction
Topmost Top :
I have uncanny sense of timing. Was thinking it was time for next in Apted's Up series so looked it up. Starts airing on ITV in UK tomorrow.
You mentioned Digger and that is all you have to say!
yeah me obvs
please follow me! I need that support.. Just to know that never say never is working.. That i can follow my dream! Please! ♥
Toshman Powel on the recording stage with Carlton Wicox LIVE.
Now I know, but let's be glad I didn't bring two pints of disaster juice for him to guzzle.
#YouKnowItsRealWhen before u came there was many... Now there is only 1..
Meatloaf and baked potato in the oven and and coke in the glass.
thanks, buddy!
I just wrote functional requirements as funtional requirements
Its nearly impossible to get [honest] and [sound] opinions from people when infatuation exists. Ass kissing will always take precedence.
RT : Try Il Covo Ristorante & Lounge's amazing breakfast dishes: Eggs Florentine, Chocolate Nutella Crepes, and a cup......
Your chance to win Jimmy Buffett tickets coming up next.
Why yes it is. FINALLY
eww ! She's #SoUgly lol. Come on now, Betty white is cuter than her & she's old as hell.
No worries! See you tomorrow.
Scared of your team's chances then puffing out your chest, Celtics fan? JR Smith (crappy) & Carmelo Anthony (inneficient)...
If tweeted me "I love you" my day would be made. Kthanksbye.
It feels like Christmas. I'm helping give out some refurbished printers and scanners to Baltimore-area nonprofits.
I think ill just get that bottle and pop it and get three more for the whole team
TONIGHT DJ Nixx is hosting The Place's first Michael Jackson Dance off Competition!
What are you doing
a minute? Did you just hear it?
u up to early!
I DONT NEED THIS SHIT TODAY.
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love. - Leo Buscaglia
With me all the way in Math. :)
Oh noes, I went and did it again, got myself hooked on another cancelled TV show via Netflix...
Yeah man. It should be fun!
hi Terry!!! Yes I'm pretty quiet when it's Yankees off season ;)
Gonna get myself ready to see , , , and in concert in more than a month away!!!!
I do?
Following now!
lol, cute. I'm from Mass. so I can't get enough of em.
Thank you! Will you be at the 100 Years of Freud's Schreber event the 10th? I will. First time in Dublin. Recommendations?
We're back tomorrow! Are You Ready!
Hey #weatherman-- what happened to the sunshine? I appreciate you save it for the wknd but we want it during the wk also!
I'm so glad is schoolin these faux wackos.
pretty much haha..but then we got mad bc he didn't get nominated for a Grammy haha..well it's in the pudding sir 😂
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest person.
Had a great lunch.
I CAN'T I THINK IM GONNA DIE
My Oscar® Pick, Best Director: Terrence Malick (The Tree of Life)
for reals! I'll show you who it is on monday kay! >:o
Just saw film trailer for The Iron Lady. Meryl Streep as Margaret Thatcher defending her pearls! I got chills and my bones turned to jello.
Thx v much for the RT!
Just arriving to my 8 am. Guess how much i care that i'm 30 min late
i know its the right thing to do but why does it have to hurt so much...
I wanna see that warrant!!!!!
hahaha gotta pay the bills. Say R.I.P. to my Jeep by the way. Finally bit the dust.
People who talk about soccer, pretending they know a lot about it just to fit in <<<<<
Plus we have prizes #TriviaRules! RT : Great night for a bus tour of DC. The monuments are gorgeous at night.
RT : Feel free to take a few minutes to tell the ladies what you could use networking, tips and/or help with!
But would other shoppers be ignored? RT : Mobile tech might help retailers know when best customers R in store. - Duncan
Eloy? Really. No you're not.
Ugggghhh, tell me about it. BTW-I have the 1972 hockey encyclopedia if anyone wants to borrow it <g>.
Can't sleep. Gotta work. Where the heck is the sandman when u need him?
...and Thanks for the badass picture Tweet! Im gonna make that my new Twitter background! ...as soon as i figure out how ;-)
48 million people own a mobile phone but don't have electricity.
let me guess lame glories, chiles, b.j in Downey Fucken lame
wayne, weezy baby, , young money -- i love you boy. great night all around
Where are the jobs in genomics? professor quoted in
The REPUBLICANS WORDS alway seem to come out as "JUST KIDDING". I wonder why the BIG D can't pull the play on WORDS OFF. NLD Mom
my etsy banner looks funny...like its all stretched out.
PickUpLine: I'm Irish. Do you have any Irish in you? Would you like some?
Only one injury tonight at the #Blazers game after Ndamukong Suh dropped his ice cream cone.
every time I see Cindy Lauper in any media I think of him. She's lucky to have such a big fan.
These are the kind of days I'd like to just get on a horse and spend the entire day outside
hello *twirls fingers*
not yet, will check it out! :)
- Do you ever think #JeffFrancoeur will go back to Calgary?
starting today my only goal is to get my senior year body back
...stand in the place where you live, now face north, think about direction, wonder why you haven't before......
See anyone wearing Charles River Apparel? We would love to see your photos. Send any pictures to or DM us.
I'm so bored 👎
Girls with long NATURAL hair >>>>>
#GoTribe It's good to see the tribe over .500
Have any of you had any positive or negative experiences with Swiss International Air Lines? Never flown with them before..
To waive or not to waive? That is the question.
but the war in unavoidable, obama is just wasting money on stupid government agency's
Go Pack Go! RT : I'm not sure I can use this as an official announcement. RT : My nigga jus gt drafted by da packers'
I do not feel good at all today :(
You look so nice and friendly!
So dizzy.
Vogel says Granger's knee is a "non-issue" but Barbosa (knee) will be a game time decision.
the Disneyland Modern Family episode was so funny 😂
SO PROUD OF U GUYS!!!!! U are some of the most beautiful dancers I've ever worked with. Honored. Keep it up Xoxoxo
thanks for the hat tip... --dd
I didn't because MTA watch twitter too but I could let you know some really interesting activity here.
so true. “: Don’t be determined to never have problems. Be determined to stay full of joy in the midst of your problems.”
"Don't screw it up kid" followed by a screw up. Not listening or misinterpreted? Just glad he made the podium.
Oddly warm night for the middle of December... :-(
Fight Night in Tulsa ...last night was great
‎"Here, hold this ice cold Bud Light and watch football." Best day of work to date.
Thought this was obvious BUT when I said Id rape famous twats i didnt mean forcefully jam my dick in them, I meant verbally rape em w/ jokes
It's basically impossible to wear a coat over a dress that has bulbous nodules. Damn you winter!
i miss the video diaries -.-
If you hear of any, let me know. My cats all have that skill and could use the paycheck.
grind time
I used to like #oomf alot but all those feelins went down the drain!!!
Sunday night means thinking about the work week ahead - what are you going to do this week to make your business boom?
One more thing, I am happy to be another set of eyes for you if you like.
that's not it. But good to keep in mind.
I try so flipping hard not to think about you. But I can't just let you go.
I'm breaking out from all this stress of AP testing. I hate this.
why thank you :p
jealous! Real ARC?
some1 told me is releasing a sex tape. That seems odd she is releasing her own tape? I'm confused but kinda curious 2 C it.
when do you plan on coming back to the ?
If you were a tear in my eyes, I would not cry for the fear of losing you.
The COMPLETE list of Oscar nominees!
Enjoy the cheesecake at the wedding tonight! Congrats Leah!
i'm guessing that as a % of occupancy, Co Stadium had less fans than BC in down years. New arena, new owner = bigger crowds
Just saw the Badger band and the Horned Frogs band in the Rose Bowl Parade: UW-1, TCU-0.
Less stress and more rest.....ahh yeah! doggie heaven-as long as that cat doesn't come around!
: Bahaha!!!!! You already gave up a Dew.
I'm down
cookies and bread actually. Are there different shipping tips for each?
I wish I could individually teach everyone on the planet how to drive. There would never be any accidents
i hope all the mothers had a great HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!! :-)
Had a great time with you guys. Great food! The girls crashed! ...and we obviously need to start a company now
No problem :) !! Glad I could shock you. Haha
The ceramic trailers on Oregon Art Beat are way cool. cc:
and prayers are with your family and friends.
Looks like if I don't get this last basketball option...then I'm going to be coaching basketball on the side until next season rolls around.
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy Never trust a new white girl in town.
I hate when people try to touch my face...
THE DANKIEST NEW STRAIN IN: LSD Bubba! Fresh, Super Frosty, Sticky Icky, Highly Potent Medicine! Full Menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy! :)
Pizza & movie night with my two loves.
burning old databases to disk.
The Obama-Bell tape is Blake Edward's "Skin Deep" and the Pollak/Shapiro blitz is the ad campaign leading up to it...
Wal-mart late night is only yelling and screaming at the cashiers. Great, free entertainment.
morning decisions are often the worst kind. I can't name how many genocides were decided before 9am.
we can't thank you enough for spending your afternoon with the VLP!
#FF thank you for your support! Part deux:
She was like my favorite! Everything just feels so wrong now!😱
I have a bridal shower to go to.. but sat might go to a bbq at an aquaintances. ^_^ you would like bk book fes. Poetry. ^_^
Don't they know that you're full of pain already?
Became an imposter for the night. Now at the Belvedere party with with on deck.
Morning wake up by a lil man babbling. I'll take that any day of the week
damn you're catching up to me in tweets.
Cops are engaged
I agree with wanting Parcells to protect his job. Absolutely. And their suspensions don't start until April 1.
It's raining and I have no one to cuddle with
shut up Babb. He's just fine where he is.
Still feeling yucky with this horrible cold ☹ hoping for a quick recovery with a busy week ahead ☹
True! Kinda bummed I am going to miss it for the networking event, but you have to give back to the community. :)
so true! I hope I run into you. So many people here at sxsw.
Going to c my man Kevin Howard rock 1st Friday...
Get a head start on this happy trail - Attleboro Sun Chronicle
I know I figured it out yesterday. I hate yes dear. Because they usually played it till one. Not anymore -_-
can i Pretty Please get a follow back from ur sexy self?? :) It would make my night! Please?? <333333
Hooray for HTHH and networking! See you at soon!
Send Dat To Ma Email Bro ASAP
Goodnight twitter
I'm pretty sure its "that time of month" for me. yes I'm talking about tuna sub at subway
We're Indy's oldest Italian restaurant, family-owned and still using recipes passed down. Call for reservations (317) 264-3585
she is as sneaky as she is on the show. And it was weird the camera angle made it so I couldn't see her face.
Thx Danny! :) Happy Monday!! RT : great outfit! Very trendy and almost has a 90s cool look to it!
thanks for the RT, Website Queen!! :)
The key to immortality is living a life worth remembering. - Bruce Lee
Good things are happening!
sick and not feeling too great...... </3
Just sent you an email with the album art!
Team990 LIVE TFM - The Franchise Montreal 6am to 9am w/ Nick and Gary.
we're glad you approve! :) Do you think that you could email/DM us a blurb about the band to feature on our website?
Awesome Metropolitan Jazz Orchestra performance at GMU Center for the Arts tonight. Check out Mason's jazz line-up & come on out!
don't talk about me
Why is twitter unfollowing people today?
yo Brucie B... do I need to holla at the alphabet boys to tweet you?
At practice, five minute breaks are always nice
sad indeed..ps what agent is so important he can't use his real name? That's douchey
Seriously though. I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING holy shit hahaha.
Thanks to all of you that have placed orders on my site myNSP.com/CleanStart The Herbs Really Work! If u have questions on using them ask me
#ohmygosh ..... Are you kidding me right now?!?! I cant believe #GlowisHere (: going to itunes right now!Followback?!
Hello! We miss Cork! We were there in 2000. RT : Hello in Seattle from Cork in Ireland! Thanks for the follow! :D
" I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing, just prayin' to a God that I don't believe in. ""
im tired of people and there crap i cant take this anymore
Hey - Is there a restriction on the amount of postcards that I can mail to be entered in the Ipad giveaway?
your the .. peanut to my butter the star to my burst the rain to my bow and best of all the best to my friend :)
Retired football star... Played mostly for San Diego Chargers >>RT : who was he cuhz?
Dusted off my stack in a live MTT today. My though process has always been so much better online - it's something I'll have to improve on.
Sounds fun! RT : Are you in #season?! teaches us the ins & outs of spring produce Sunday 4/1 from 10-11a!
Food Fact of the Day: April 15, 1955 The first franchised McDonald's was opened in Des Plaines, Illinois, by Ray Kroc.
Professor Tom Harrington say our #itgetsbetter campaign has already changed our conversations, and perhaps has saved lives.
Not a fan of Mondays...
Holy cow #brewers played with fire. Can't believe Castro watched those 2 go by.
Enjoyed learning some more advanced scripting in BASH this afternoon. The beauty is that I can use my already familiar unix commands.
where where you? Strange matter has the best in town
A1: I'm Heather from Cleveland. Mary Kay is my primary but I'm also with SOC and WowWe.
No Casino is my vote, it may look nice but is that really going improve downtown?
Four-year-old quote of the day--"No, me for real!" (workin' on those pronouns!)
LOL!!! I'm glad someone knows what I mean! Oh, and OUCH!
Does accept monthly recurring donations?
#inhighschool , i couldnt wait to graduate .. mind you im still waiting -___-
I'm in the passenger seat! But yes, point taken. When I think about the physical implications of a crash I freak out.
Plz RT ATTENTION COLORADO PERSONAL TRAINERS: I AM SELLING MY EQUIPMENT. MUST GO TODAY. CALL 303-931-3737
Praying to god that I passed the #CAHSEE !! It was easy, but who knows. Part 2 2morrow! :o
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
that's a cool tweet dude!
"I've got a folder full of rejection slips that I keep. Know why? Because those same editors are now calling my agent hoping I'll write a...
Strange but great Mad Men tonight
I feel like its my lucky day. I get on and so did you!
If you own a home in #Maryland, you're probably overpaying on your #property #taxes. Find out here: www.mdtaxappeals.com
In 30 minutes are going to take game 4 in Orlando which will bring them home for the close out. If you can go to the game!
Tonight we're making calls to those who we will be casting. Keep your phones close by!
I am so sry about ur loss and I will keep u and everyone in my prayers
you'll smoke some kush with us? 😃
H Hoops too much on the glass pull away in the end to win 73-54 over D1 Ambassadors to advance to the tourney Championship
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
I feel like quotin songs............whoever can tell me where these songs are from......they will get a shoutout!!...who's ready
Should I tell you that I like you since the first time I saw you?? +I'm just kidding (.____.)'
Can I see you!? We can discuss the fact that we both have Maira Kalman backgrounds on our Twitter profile pages.
Something very wrong with #HermanCain & a world where he is still a #PresidentialCandidate tho the media won't say it. Scary
I love it, but having to explain satire to dreary literalist dolts is a joyless task
Giving blacked out speeches eh? Sounds like
On the air today I'll spin another good guitar band &
let's work on making this a reality
Math is boring ..
that's why I sent it to you;). I love the oatmeal
shut the hell up
Hard to believe Dave Grohl was once the drummer for Nirvana! RT Finally......some REAL talent..........#FooFighters!!!
im so glad guys cant see our boners
Your not gonna support us? /:
& We're live right now at the Ronald McDonald House for the "I AM MUSIC" private event 4 the kids.
happy mothers day to all moms who grind at work, take care of home, keep family together, & are community pillars
Looking For Fan Club Rep for email us For More Info....
The calm before the storm, gearing up for some long days and nights! You got to love it.
There is an art of which every man should be a master the art of reflection. If you are not a thinking man, to what purpose are
Aaahhhh were under tornado warning!!!!
Saturday Special: Our $5 Box Lunch today is Roasted Breast of Turkey!
awn my god that's so freakin sweet of u!!!!!! :D
Uhh I'm sorry I even brought it up but like I always say don't worry so much about today because I know that you'll be okay !*)
For what it's worth, #Geraldo believes he's trying to help save kids' lives. Agree or disagree, but that's his intention
Thanks for checking out WeSeed. I'm here if you have questions. :-)
Why so serious?
RT : 50 years ago this month, the Beatles were rejected by Decca Records -- "Guitar groups are on the way out." The legend:...
And you can get alerts for events pushed to your devices, so there are probably ways to get around whatever you need it for.
Definitely had a "9 to 5: the Musical" flashback during that #Smash staging with Marc Kudisch and Megan Hilty.
Vipbox.tv,i watch everything there
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you have pretty eyes
Happiness is getting good work outs on the road!
Economist #Allen Nevin gave a great forecast and detailed presentation to our Rotary Club regarding the economic Health of San Diego.
The intermittent wi-fi? That's my fault. I absorb electromagnetic energy to fuel the Tether.
I have all the color taken out of my hair when I get highlights, LOL you're a writer you can use any word you want!
“: just shows people really hate Floyd. What Pacquiao said is way worse.” CoSign
#modernfamily was Great last night! Also glad that #whitecollar has returned!
Still time to make a contribution to the YSC & the fight against womens breast cancer. Riding 100 miles next weekend to support their cause.
<3 RT : Your mistake does not define who you are...you are your possibilities. -Oprah
As we say our thanks this thanksgiving, know that we are thankful for each of you!
wow.. how did you get that?
Funny, right? I love this new camera!
Sounds like a religious hit squad to me...
RT ": "Why am I using a new putter? Because the old one didn't float too well." --Craig Stadler" ...so true
I get high on life and overdose daily on happiness.
Everything around you was created by people no smarter than you. Lack of imagination and determination is all that bounds you.
Herro fwiend. I is half a bulldog and half Scottie. Teach me to skate pwease.
thanks for providing the opportunity for me to learn something new...even if it steals my limited free time.
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. - Benjamin Franklin
A3. DM spams suck. No one *ever* is saying anything bad about me, you liars.
This game is stressing me out.
this is bogous!
"oh my goodness" by Olly Murs has been on repeat in my head all day today.
8-4 at the switch in the 5th! Go FINISH THEM!!!!
Do you guys like to listen to drake ??
The Navaho associates the powder on wings w/ insanity. A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
Comedy is like sex: it's funniest when all parties are consenting.
Pirates, Penguins and Power won, today!!! PITTSBURGH, BABY!!! That's where I'm from!!!
IATHians Chad Keller & Worthy Martin off to SMARTDoc Heritage at UPenn to talk about laser scanning Southwell Minster, & eat cheese steaks.
Happy National Best Friend Day I Lovee youu Best Friend <3333
I'm so bummed about #SteveJobs leaving Apple. How will Apple present successor & make him part of the brand? Bring back !!!
Great Jarden, IBM, H&R Block panel! “: Centers of excellence should be centers of enablement. #bsocial12”
You make my little heart feel a bit less small today.
I know it's been months, but WHEN are we meeting on Skype again? lol, I promise to be on this time!
Thanks to Tyra Banks I can tell people I wasn't a pissed off pre-pubescent in my middle school pictures, I was just "smiling with my eyes."
don't wish it away :) one day you will miss it ! Like when u r grown and paying taxes and buying groceries and wiping kid butts
Rain likely overnight into Tuesday and we may even have a few thunderstorms... and the warmer temps won't stick around long.
we're most likely going to the same party. cant wait doe!
Thanks (: what ever color gets chosen the most i will get :D
I've written a song about Pho that rhymes "Vietnam" with "nom nom nom." It might need some work.
oh, that was you. What a pleasant surprise.
already did :)
Are you asking about ? Cause they are awesome!
yey it was nothing :) for my #TVDFamily I do whatever. xo
Are you worried about financing your holiday business? Consider factoring your accounts receivable for working capital.
That's okay. ChaCha still loves you and we'll always take you back. *Prank your idiot friends! Get
Sent my boyfriend a cute LONG text why havent i got anything back I think i scared him off hmm oh well
The people around me seem to be my main motivation...
Frank Ocean's Lony Breaux Collection is to long..holy shit.
Context free: "I'll bet Lindsay would do it if you gave her five bucks."
pfft, get yourself a sugar daddy
Nice! I would love to see her. I saw Taylor Swift in October when she came to San Diego
awwwh! Good company to be in!
Why can't we get a good liberatarian? I'm a conservative minus the religion and feel left out.
Second that! Church!RT : One Chance.... that's all I need... that applies to anything...
I can catch the drift of you , fuck you fooling . *Moretwitter,everybodygoingontwitter . smh
“: Who does everyone have tonight? #SuperBowl #gogiants” I hope the pats only so NY fans get to see 2 losses today
Why is it every time people try to help me with vocals they always end up making things worse or old country folk sounding :/
You're only... what... 6 hours driving apart? :) I'm like... 3 days away... man America is big
IT ALWAYS RAINS ON MY BIRTHDAY!! EVERY FREAKIN YEAR!!
I just voted for Bucky Lasek for
What a great friend you were... Right!
Thank you so much for your work in the #arts ! The dancers here at thank you!
Hey...I'm not the best at Twitter, so I missed these posts. Sorry about that and thanks for the support!
You know better than that. Remember what happens to this team in close games.
Hi Lisa, did you see the post on Facebook? If not, everything will be cleared up by Wednesday! Thank you for your patience!
Lindsey buckingham on right now. This dude can write and perform a hell of a song.
With my boyfriend watching TV, hella full he took me out to eat :)
I'm not confused as to who I am. When I step into the shower I know who God created me to be. And no surgery can change
Great to meet !
My nephew just said my name! Never thought it could sound so sweet 😃
you never wanna have a real conversation with me
oh yes. I'm a vet tech now so there are lots of strange, gross things in my daily life.
1/3 of this drink & I was feeling it. What is wrong with me!? Lmao 😣
New post: Good Writing Tip #1: Knowledge or Ideas
Giant PayPal button. Done. MT : I'm considering creating a web site to demonstrate how messed up America's political system is...
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!! Only 5 more days until the next one :)
There was this girl walking around school earlier saying YOLO every five seconds. I literally wanted to punch her in the face.
dormont pool has wireless. :)
Ain't No Telling What We Doing Behind Close Doors !
don't do that I love you and even tho you think Iam hurting you I really just want you to be happy
Please use Pure Imagination!
follow back please (:??
No problem. Have a good one!
RT : #happyhour tonight - live music, drink specials, giveaways #free pizza w/ RSVP of 3+ to
lol you so gay...but muah to you to n I need my hair did yo
looking forward to meeting you! Hope you can make it to the RRAFF &our screening of Lost Angeles Ward.
good morning y'all. and to all the mothers out there
The draft dodging, flipflopping,lying, backwards on equally, job killing, bullying, inconsistent #GOP candidate
going to school with Major sunburn, a pounding head, and this horrible sickness :(
Mahomies Are Married To AUSTIN MAHONE
Ok I gotta see this Asham Beagle fight
Got that right
Now I'm following- more of an ROI question. My opinion is based upon belief in preventive care; maybe eval that among pts?
a little :p
MT : Tyson Foods refinery has can produce 75 million gallons of fat-based fuel annually—only 0.1% of world aviation fuel
Lmao..did my lawyer seriously post: sex is not as good in prison add (I love him) lol y'all need to add him
I've changed so much over the past years. It's crazy to think of how I looked back in the day.
you face is perfect the way it is. 😉
Thanks for the follows
Janet Jackson performed Dream Street on American Bandstand on this day in 1984. She was a cutie.
You are so right, I have been slipping on my posting. but thanks for waking me up, it won't happen again. I'm on it!!! check me out
So true. Today was one of those days!
This afternoon 1 world trade center will become the tallest building in #NYC !
No internet on ph. Is this arrest the Arenas case, Mark?
I'm at the 92Ymca would be proud.
Goal is 150k bankroll by 1/1/13 got work to do.
When someone was once important to you, hating them is impossible
they better
Be Persistent!
COI Kelly: Interpreting with audiences is engaging visitors throughout the entire interpretive process- planning, presenting +eval
...Also can't attack Barack on recovering economy or health care (too similar to MA's). So what are they going to talk about at debates?
hey guys, you should totally follow she got a new twitter, but her tweets are really funny
The first shipment in the JMF Sock Club just went out- 6 whole days early! Also, it GORGEOUS. Zac has mad skills.
Sad news - Timbers Forward Eddie Johnson transported to local hospital with fears of possible concussion.
Why we just started following our friends today is beyond us :)
Personally, I think God saw the way we evolved and peaced the fuck out.
RT : First annual #TriSpringConf12 kicks off tomorrow in Dallas!
Just because he is gone over seas doesn't mean I am single....
*sighs* people smh
All U Kentucky fans should be proud! JORTS Harrellson is in early in the Knicks-Celtics game. MARV ON THE CALL! Couldn't be better!
lol the things you can experience at iupui are truly amazing haha
I watched him all year in AA last year. You just knew he was going To blow
good question. Interested in helping us figure it out?
My last retweet though>>>>
criminal minds marathon! so good
Thanks! I'll check it out. Today might be the perfect day to make the change. Happy weekend!
That's what I'm hollerin' haha
i got the best sleep last night
couldn't agree more. Why now? In the midst of a division race. Odd... first k-rod then prince, wonder who is next? McGehee?
Thanks! Super tiny...such a trip. So cute. RT : congrats! He's tiny!
Just us this time, I think. I made it to 1448! #1k1hr <-- I don't know about you but I had to rip the words out today :/
o yeh I liked that too
wasn't talking to you, quit smoking so much and you wont be so paranoid
got dirt on local pdx celebs you want investigated or exposed? i'm your chick! email me
RT : Dear Las #Vegas #LVIMA members...the Board is meeting now :) LOTS being discussed for the greater good of the organization!
Today has pool day written all over it. If the sun would only come out!
CASINOS IN MIAMI? You've heard the promises. You've heard the fears. NEW MIAMI FORUM will tell REST OF THE STORY Message for info
sure but i dont no how to make it if you wanna you cant use my #imagines =]
I moved some furniture today so that I could have a bit of my dream space right now! What are you doing to prep for your dreams come true?
Michael Bush got paid WAY more than me. Who the fuck is Michael Bush?
are y'all gonna be in FL next month?!?! Come thru!
guys!! on vyrt in 14 days r u ready?
I would love to hold your hand. C;
Rules are meant to be followed, otherwise they shouldn't exist. Thoughts?
Good Morning Denver! 2012 has started off with a bang and OCRA is incredibly thrilled, but there's always more room to save you $$.
Not to complain or anything, but you know when you can kind of hear what someone is blaring through his ear phones? Yeah.
no you would get a ticket
going to my mommass. nobody lemme forget my brothers shells! #ilovehim(:
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart
Let's Go #Rangers!!!!
I didn't... Haha but thanks!!
heavens knows; I feel like I'll always be the bottom haha. One day we will reign as the Maddie's of the BFA list bahaha
So I found out today that Betsey Johnson is going bankrupt and closing all her stores down and only selling in Macy's.NO
nets a hat trick for Fulham today. Not often do we see Americas in this kind of form in Europe.
I never said that. I actually agree with Pac. But what he said is worse than what Floyd said about Lin
bro my phone died ! I will text you later
Just made it from Cincinnati to Ironton in an hour and 55 min.
- all in timee... Thankss for the support J!
were never goanna go out!
I like your style of music
Well they're anti-racism bands so black and white makes sense.
will post pix from the event and let you know when I get one of hers up alright?
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. - Viktor Frankl
Until death do us part.
Why is Ten Things I Hate About You my absolute favorite movie? Oh right, because I'm completely in love with Heath Ledger.
fuck. i still didn't finish my homework. no more games for me, gotta finish. -spazes out-
All i want is a woman who tries for me
Happy Birthday!:D Love u <3
just 1 more week of school.
Hey Papi how come u never respond to my questions :(
Happy Friday to you too!
that's cool
I monkey don't stop a show
Buff boners were broken tonight.
almost to 100 followers (: tell your friends to follow me especially your fans lol :D
Deeper Than The Ocean
The PB Marketing Board had a great meeting last night at Bel-Air Cantina. Where's your favorite place for Taco Tuesday?
great article dan wouldn't mind a linebacker either!
We set a date to film the Shades of Purple video, SO EXCITED!!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the gigs this weekend...we needed that. Now back to writing...
the girl in the advertisement with u
Would have loved to see the show last night but I couldn't bring myself to deal w/ the Peckerhead's crowd & acoustics again.
RT : Swarm of bees invades #Rockies dugout? Big deal. A swarm of mediocrity attacked #Rockies starting on opening day. http ...
RT : Busted out of $10K HORSE around 40th place. Played 2 full days, $0 pay. Sometimes poker sucks!:( FU douche bag!!
Just landed in Orlando! Let the good times begin!
we need more arab female vocalists & music that can mobilize imagination & the palestinian struggle as in south africa. final paper topic?
When establishing your bankroll, stay within your means.
thx. life is pretty great :) hows life in slc?
Just finished watching american idol:) I can't believe that girl's first kiss was :'O
"Everyones the same color with the lights off"
Just caught the Laurie Metcalf episode, very funny! Was that Anthony on the bench with Sheldon?
No no no no no this $hit is TOO easy
no its ok i have theriapst
#TheGrammysTaughtMe that everybody will watch a very diverse event for different reasons.
haha make one!(:
Big quake off coast of Japan...Tsunami warnings issued...tsunami has hit East side main island ..incredible video coming in now
He's a smart man :)
2nite- #SPACE CAPONE brings his special brand of funk to the w/ #LYNDSEY SMITH and #HAKIM RASHEED. This is one not to miss.
Love u more!!! ❤❤❤ RT : Out for lunch with one of the loves of my life ❤ this young lady. 💋
doing yoga with my bro>>
celtics at home - no doubt!!!
Always in the non-television games. Whoa. Bogut with a dunk that you may typically see out of someone crazy athletic.
I know..Hay otras más que se ven bien rip-off de A Song of Ice and Fire.
Despite the fact that there is so much darkness and hate and difficulty in this world,the weapon we have is love,still love.That's enough4me
I just might break the space/time continuum meeting myself coming and going. O_O If a singularity appears, run!
José Peppers after the AP Test. Awesome.
welcome to Twitter sir
#salute my.nigga
Im Happy with the circle of people that love me!!!
There is some irony in seeing people tweet advice they should listen to themselves!! I swear I was just about to tell you the same thing!
I've decided I need fairy lights in my life...indoors or in my garden, this is the question.
:D I kissed my best friend... and I liked it. The taste of his coca-cola ;D haha. :3 HE LIKES ME TOO! <3 Did I say like? He LOVES ME TOO! :D
Congratulations to Jean DuJardin for winning #THE ACTOR , #SAG AWARDS! So proud to be a tiny part of your film.
Woodson Absolute identity with one's cause is the first and great condition of successful leadership
Again, soo sweet! I'm just being me.. :)
Time to go wash my slab x)
Well, sometimes I think, 'I could make that better now . . '
Thanks. Yeah, I should have mentioned that!
"Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
Mines been up for a week!
no BBQ. Went out for Italian. How about you.
U might be my new excuse to plan a Hawaii vacation. It must be amazing. #boldmove but probably worth it!
Still sandwiches, soda, cake, and lots of mustard done in the lobby!
Legal/criminal experts are doubtful, based on known evidence, that millionaire's girlfriend killed herself in Coronado mansion
Im getting sick of seeing one direction on the cover of every mag. Like thats justins spot! Now they have justin in a conner WTF
Want to hangout with & tomorrow? They'll be at from 12-2pm :) Come say hi!
Time to go jogging!! 😁 I hate it but hey lol
At SANDAG watching Joe Gilpin's presentation on the NACTO guide
hahaha no! Not at all! I really do love it.
Finally home after long week filming 'For All That We Are'. Great crew and cast. Lots of laughs on set.
Running socks? When are you going to come out and run with me?
I am starving now. Dammit.
No.. apparently I've been hacked. Damn Twitter.
I am Titanium.....
why doesn't anyone ever say" let's go to that little canadian restaurant!"
RT : just received an e-mail from inviting me to an event in 2009. Do all history leaders have a time-machine?!?!?!?!
Can we just lay in bed, under the covers and watch a movie?
FIRST 20 TO FOLLOW GETS A SHOUTOUT!!
show me
Incredible things come from incredible dreams- InSpotter mobile app
Women are 65% of public employees. #KathleenFalk insists women have a seat at the negotiating table. It's about fairness.
Aw, this makes me miss you and Austin!
where'd your baby come from then? Did you also make all your organ systems and the earth that you're walking on?
TMZspoke with an investigator at Coroner's Office who said they're on way to scene.and a law enforcement source says Jr is dead
#know12 : more mature financial approaches: understanding tech debt, cloud value mgmt, balanced scorecard, BI for IT, others
:) how are you? Weird game, eh?!
Where do you think I got my default picture from? xD
Last Monday before the break... CAN'T WAIT!!!
Everything is hitting me all at once... Israel, college, Ana moving back to Brazil... what a weird combination of emotions all at once. Ah
Congratulations! Must see #ACrossToBear on ~ Solomon
Needs to get busy on Twitter!
Looking for some informational resources for an upstart church. Any one got a lead?
- Very cool! As in, you guys put it on? Or, 1st you went to?
5 Bizarre Souvenirs I Brought Back From Vietnam: It should make me think of the place I went to or of something that happened on the ...
I think he's content that the team won and that he makes $24 million to be awesome.
very nice!!
I got a car!! When are you done with school? I have Wednesday the 2nd off...
I've decided the driver screaming "Get in the bike lane bitch!"at me on Oak is just a vocal supporter of the separated Fell bikeway.
2012 Indiana Mechanical & Fuel Gas Code Adoption Committee met last week. I have been selected to serve as a voting member. Quite an honor!
Love that post! And loved sharing it a few weeks ago in our #twitter chat!
Whose the other amazing band besides Stay?!
Princess Sarah! How are you??
Check out our new website!!! Learn about the great cause we're supporting! www.InspirationalMedicine.org
thanks! LL jamming now!
yea and for some reason my tweets don't come to my phone
Princelilshun summited a song Look At Dis Dude check me out
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. - James Crook
up and down... up and down.
#SeaWorldSanAntonio re-opens today! I always enjoy this day. Come out and say hello.
happy birthday! 10
CHEWY WE LOVE U ctfu!!
Today is National Stalker Awareness Day. Its time for all of those Stalkers out there to make sure you know they care..alot
Underground is on tonight!! 8:07 at the Wesley Foundation. Tell a friend!
Then again, you might get her son, who is studying art history at the TUM. :-)
valid point
This nigga is in DENIAL
No smoke and mirrors, at Mountain Trust we find the best loan for YOUR needs. Call me at (858) 376-1299 for a complimentary loan evaluation.
Skin is the tightest organ we have straight up# skin being the shit
and made a reather healthy dinner. Currentl resisting the urge to eat a pound of gingersnaps.
Nothing like a brief mid-afternoon nap. We dancers must rest our bodies.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. ~ Aristotle
Same reason I can't get my indie/punk loving cousin to even try to listen to Phish. She responds to genre and not the music.
holy shit that cheerleader pic is awesome
Looking forward for the Oscar. Wish I had watched all the nominated films.....
Health Tips: suddenly decrease daily calories by about 400+ and your body will read famine and slow down your metabolism!
thankyaaa :* lol I have to touch his muscles..
#asae11 We were so happy to have you here last night, it was a great time!!!
MAR-FAIL!
Marauders have a third period rally in them like we've seen? 27-11 CBA in shots third period is now underway. CBA in Front still 3-1.
SAY SOMETHING, IF YOU'RE FEELING THE VIBE, SAY SOMETHING, BABY DON'T BE SO SHY<3
Listening Party. Nu On Def Jam/Timeless Got tracks wit Wayne & Flo-Rida! Reggae Pop future beast. Shout 2
I say "Just go with it" <3 <3 <3 xoxoxoxoxoo! Life is too short!!! I'm wearing my silver shoes tonight! hahah! :)
I can't complete a single thing today. My brain keeping hitting reload.
#ImThatPersonWho can get really annoyed or mad at something or someone
A business only twitter?
I'm done with Glee. Thank you.
Just looked it up, and I'm so glad I did—it's like Roman sacrificial turducken!
Just saw a promo 4 a show with you on #HGTV and it had you as Kris Kardashian! Does Bruce ever get offended?
Great meeting you today ! Don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything while you're in #Colorado! Best of Luck To You!!
me too. about to slap mine back on after a wet rainy ride in to go home in a nice cross wind. WHEE!
Oops, we gave the wrong date... Our Open House is September 23
You can drag and drop the order of photos in a gallery. No needing to create abc order filenames.
#edcocp Yes, networks from multiple sources can be integrated. But UserIDs may not match across systems - entity resolution problem
Thanks for all you do!
sorry tommy for spamming c:
Corporations that run the media! Damn Straight! Set standards, you ROCK our next
finally FINALLY, went thru all my facebook requests!!! whew!!
Thanks to #a4aChallenge sponsor Electronics & Pres. Mary Peavey for joining us at the #BreakfastofChamps!
So hey who wants to start an Afghanistan withdrawal today? RT to show your support.
hmm that doesn't sound good! :/
Casting call all done. Time to film the trailer
- talking in the #library is ABSOLUTELY encouraged! & can connect u w/ Chicago libs
PLEASE TWEET ! she is thinking about committimg suicide :( Please stop her! She LOVES you!
BREAKING: Police/fire at scene of suspicious death Skyline Blvd & W Burnside. Body found *not* in home. Stay tuned
Dona Ana Co. Detention Center director: "We’re stacking, packing and racking them to make them all fit."
this has officially been the longest day ever.
Guys: No Shirt, No Service! Girls: No Shirt, No Charge!
uhu I see how it is
The awkward moment when someone asks what's wrong, and they're the problem .
HARVARD SQ: Caramel Apple & Strawberry flavors.
Paul Pierce again showing he has no class.
MJ wouldve been proud of drew,hes worked his ass off his whole career, so seein someone just relax and sing woudlve made him happy i think
i hate your face. And that pic was SPOT on.
zombies and southern troopers over bootleggers any day
thnks for the follow
I know!!!! It doesn't make you any cooler.
I'm partying right now. Actually, I'm earning money. Not really partying.
-- airing out kimonos / as well as her heart / is never enough #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
I am seeing on twitter that the foodtruck festival is insanely crowded...hope you guys are having fun!
:O you don't remember! Dramafest!
We should base our lives on principles, not rules and laws. Rules and laws change, but principles never change and will always have permanen
Is anyone else still awake...?
that's unfortunate. I've had that happen on here. Friends disown you b/c you don't agree, as if you can't be friends & not share
I've noticed my cell is getting WAY better service than before... which only frightens me to see my next phone bill.
Love it
lol yea u need to go to sleep because this is not facebook lol
I will try to attend. : Join #IntDesignerchat Today #Pinterest Tips for growing your design blog and biz.
ur first Top 3 homecoming to attend ??
Right, the problem is though it would be hard to tell people what to expect without an iilegal call to action.
just got a twitter. If you're not following him, you're missing out in life. Follow him
thanks so much for joining us! :-)
very much agree, its nice to see
Trying frantically to finish up federal grant and pack to go to Orlando for
..good or bad. So now I'm using a rudimentary hand replayer and calculating my equity by hand at end of day. My sanity quickly returned.
For real? I am sorry if that is so, Cliff.
Home with my 12 friends they also say "hi" : )
NEVER compare your girl to your EX. That's just asking for trouble.
Aw, you wish I was your friend? Moi? I'm honored!
Planned Parenthood managed to get "170k petition signatures in 48 hours"
Thanks to all for welcoming us home. It was a great adventure and we're so glad you came along with us.
Happy morning! Calling on all who live in upscale hotels in Miami, New York, Boston, Chicago or Los Angeles!!!
“Prayer is not asking for what you think you want, but asking to be changed in ways you can't imagine.” Kathleen Norris
Hi ! Saw that you're attending #ISConf (from the Hub) and are active on twitter. Thought I'd say hello! See you in the windy city!
Time to make some pancakes.
Pre, of course! I'd beg for an 'easy 10' :)
Best of luck to those beginning school this week. And a shout out to the graduating class of 2012!
so my brother just walks in the crib. "yo G! Banks is a force "
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. – Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
*clears throat, looks around* tf?
Summer schedule of MBA classes is coming together. Highlights include "Business Analytics," a new elective by Professor Thompson.
will try and remember tomorrow!
Whenever I'm on a conference call and someone says "really" I get all panicky thinking they are asking me something.
what was this tweet about? I'm confused...
RSVP: Clever Stories
ouh guys i cant sleep ../:
What a great surprise and pleasure to talk with the inspirational today! Thanks for catching up, Tyler. :)
I saw that too! Trying to remember if there's any reason my 11 y.o. shouldn't watch Stand By Me. Pretty sure it's ok, though.
I'll have to go back to my notes at home.
haha love it
Sorry, pride, for using a picture of Demi Lovato as my model for the hair stylist today.
I do! “: I wonder if you think of me as often as I think of you between 2 and 6 in the morning almost everyday.”
Miriam Posner (): faculty, stop saying there will be academic jobs; students, make better school/program choices
congrats on completion - good luck, hope to see you at #pilus cc
Dude about to cry
#WW Thank you for the RT! Hope all is wonderful in your world :)
3 years with Bar Louie - what a ride! Find something you can dedicate yourself to and life takes on a whole new purpose. Wife, child, job.
I am also close to my goal of sleeves. The urge doesn't go away. Ever.
scared of the tri but I do love the idea of Whistler in July. Can I doggy paddle?
Saw the gentleman filming bicycles again today - wearing a helmet and standing beside his own bike. #camouflage ?
Picking up son from high school for very first time--high tech program way out in high-tech research park.
just fucked cleve up in college basketball wit kansas jayhawks....who next depaul
Thanks for the RTs!
Every time #Dirk has already back-pedaled to half court by the time his shot misses/makes, Larry Bird throws up a little in his mouth
have a gobblin' good birthday! ;)
Didn't miss anything you haven't heard. RT And I'm missing it! :-/
Good morning
Spent Saturday with other Kona Sunrise Rotarians cleaning up and beautifying the Makaeo Walking and Jogging Path at the Old Airport.
what does #oomf mean?
'Must-have' should just be taken out and shot, all around, as a phrase.
HOW DO THESE PEOPLE GET RARE ONE DIRECTION PICTURES?!
Just tapped Summer Bright
"..only reason I'm voting for this bill is due to the tax relief for charities". Bullshit, I see that off purple shirt/tie combo.
Thanks! Still wish I didn't miss you yesterday, as you and the others are some of my favorites. Hope the tour is going well.
Oh baby, my stomach is talking to me.
Always a good time. Get in, Get out, Get on with your day bro...Just bangin it out and rattling that Dr. Roto Guy!
"Just don't mention the war"
Four Virginians are dead after about 350 of Lord Dunmore’s troops, including run away slaves ambushed Virginia militia near Norfolk.
Parcells! Save the Saints!!
At this rate, I might reach 100!!
sleep.finally.
That BIG EGO of yours , really makes up for that SMALL DICK . huh ?
good morning! the #FAI12 reg table will open at 9am today. thanks for everyone's patience as we badged you yesterday.
the feeling you get when you click on someone and their pretty and than you look at yourself and think I'm ugly as $#!+
I'm always impressed that Seniors in #college apply for #sales jobs before #graduation! Some students out there that ARE on the ball!
No new content or blogging for now - until we complete our major web site redesign. It will be excellent when it's done! Please hang in!
Omg you were right
#sleepwithoneeyeopen #jk and the best part is I don't :( I can get one at the end of Oct at the earliest
I'm late to the game on but I gotta say, glad I signed up. It's one email I look forward to, thanks
RT Resistance training at noon, which is something I try to resist all week.
Great day lmao
Im in Tennessee and it turns out I fucking love killing deer and drinking their butt blood smoothies
Ltb's, bday party, place is packed, dance floor needs more pops locks n drops!!!! Bring ur boogie shoes n join the fun!!!!! Let's go!!!!
Slightly disturbed by how much I liked the fluff and refried beans sample at the What the Fluff festival. Also the fluff and BBQ sauce.
haha nice! sounds like something , , or would say
The way that we are is the reason I stay.
Cheering you on in your support of some wonderful causes...good luck!
Its funny how long relationships last, just like old stories, they're a thing of the past...
Lot of ppl don't want 2 give credit to Pats bcuz they won on missed FG. But no1 wants to tlk about how Giants won on a dropped punt return.
That's lovely. Now make my phone stop freezing.
Bill Clinton's real-life aging looks like fake Back to the Future aging.
I love Billy Idol and I love Kiss and I love BVB therefore I love the new EP even it isn't even out!
Outofcontrolandannoying. That's one word, right?
I'm amazed when ppl call me a sinner.What took em' so long 2 figure that out?We've ALL sinned & come short of God's glory! Thankful4theBLOOD
#Haters are gonna hate, but #Mahomies are gonna love <3
Was it the kind of kale salad that requires rubbing each leaf individually? Possibly 20,000.
That awkward moment when someone thinks your going out with your expirement partner
Going to be joining my 1st KM chat. Heads-up followers. Tweet stream ahead.
i need/want more Mahomies following me. more want than need tho(:
As Blues is to Rock, Cuban Rumba is to Latin Jazz. The real deal at Radio Habana 1109 Valencia SF every 2nd+ 4th Sunday 2-6pm Bring FOOD
is there some kind of #criminalminds drinking game going on here that I don't know about!?
thank you for attending! What was your takeaway from the evening ?
Had fun with the girls at So You Wish You Could Skate event!
1 of post-show failings, moderated convos (like surveys) can adjust aud impulse Not authentic as visceral resp.
happy to help :)
Had a goodtime out but I am glad to b home in my bed!!
Happy New Year ! Hope to see U in 2012...come to GA ;-)
#MayThe4thBeWithYou That is all.
Cannot find my Mockingjay book. :(
Trying my damnedest to Tweet well. Looking for something interesting to say. Wish me luck from swine flu and bandito drug dealers in Baja.
talk to me ill keep you enertained
Did you kow that the most neglected area of vehicle service is the transmission? Most major repairs in this area cost $2000.00 plus
Night everyone!!(:
Dear Mr. Motorcyclist on the 405 riding in the carpool lane when the rest of us are in traffic - #areyouseriousbroski?
Listening to foo fighters on the radio. Just another reminder bamboozle is this weekend and I won't be there :/
I blame the loss on the fans that sold there tickets to giant fans!
rendition sidewise: The Effectiveness Of Video Promotion In ...
LOVE Bears all things, Believes all things, Hopes all things, Endures all things, Love Never Fails.
Bout 2 test them waters, "Ooh Daddy" commin up!
We believe these unique products will put food on the tables of women in need, hope into the souls of girls imprisoned in human trafficking
uh oh.
Hearing is now underway here in Dane County court on collective bargaining law.
I was debating between crying & screaming. Sorry things have been shit at work lately
this bitch is nasty
Great game! Cant' wait to see you next week!!
#YEE gonna hang out with my friends in time square in NYC
On the bus blowed and shit
2 miles this AM- only 98 more to go...at once...sigh
#FF bc he's gorgeous & is full of amazing advice!
At Canton Jones birthday party with Candy and My wife
Top Gun!
lol most likely yes. I have to let you know if its a forsure thing though :) but il be spending the rest of that day with you
Dear oneonta, it's 630 in the morning. Stop with the crazy noises. I need sleep.
"I Want You Back"
yeah, I felt pretty uncomfortable with her just staring at me...
Thanks for following me, again!
Heheh,it's bye Friday for you. Hahaha
In #WizardsOfWeverlyPlace, she has a lot of style, my favourite one is, the dress with, a leopard (kitty) in her shoulder :)
You're a secret Juggalo. You just want to have a giant Faygo shower!
Nowhere near tired.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 42
thx 4 visiting! : 4,500 museum people at #AAM2012 in Minneapolis, MN are headed back to cultural institutions around the world.
Before I got fat everyone used to say that I looked like Adam Lambert, now I'm just Jack Black
i have to much going on and to much on my mind
yep. Add a Gatorade and then a beer and ur ready to rock!
Sun Aura Resort is eating up Act Naturally like their mamma made it! What a fun crowd
!!!!!! RT : need to catch up on my reading
I love mine!
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning. ~ Aristotle
Have you stopped exercising? Get back to it ASAP today, girlfriend! You CAN do it!
would you iron my shirts please?!
The parasite float is one of those things that is too weird to be fiction - nobody would believe it in a story!
Almost done with A&R research project. Vacation in the morning!!
Romnesia: Forgetting Romney flip flopped on assault weapons ban he supported as MA Gov.
U guys (Bengals) keep ur heads up..knw that u have some prayng 4 ur succss. Be encouraged, u guys best days r ahead! Be blessed!
Reading Foucault, having seriously intense flashbacks to hard trips I had on disassociative drugs. Dude was in touch with something bigger.
Won't you let me be your heartbreaker? yeeeaah
yeah I'll just wear em hahah p.s I think I got burnt. Don't be embarrassed to be with me please!
Just starting out, but having fun and learning a lot.
I gained 5 followers in the last hour haha I guess I'm winning. Thought I'd lose some because I showed my childish side but... NOPE!
Oh my. now has a #buttmotions hashtag going.
oy no thanks
#whatimissmost is my best friend, my other half, my soulmate, my happiness; this wonderful girl named
I work w/eTec, you've written a bit about them. much will happen on infra front soon, would love to keep you posted
If you have children, increase their allowances by the amount saved to encourage them to get involved in finding new ways to conserve
"well...i sucked today..." Tom Brady
is real
Check out 's music! He's DOPE!!! :D
A year since Haiti. It could of happened in LA just as easily.
Had a great time yesterday! Thanks for all the birthday wishes and everyone who came out to celebrate with me! Happy 4th of July :-)
RT : Failure is an event, not a person. Yesterday ended last night.
Happy Friday from Ben, Sarah, Joel & Emma! <3
"Good delivery time and as discribed and pictured Well Pleased THANKS A+" - Ina from San Diego, California
Go beyond your ego n the internal dialogue. Make a decision to relinquish the need to control,the need to be approved n the need to judge.
The body regulates its metabolism primarily through enzymes. Enzymes are the stuff of life
More like, "howling for boo" am I right, folks?
Chris! How have you been? :)
cause you are on my mind <3
Who is the black comedian in the PSA commercial "If your arm is numb, use your good arm to dial 911"?
Morning cutie!
republiCONS:greedy, selfish, non-caring, don't have a clue, it's all about me, screw the middle class, idiots!!!
in a matter of two minutes two people almost hit me at wcc. One of them being an armored truck who decided to cut me off
what a 9th ! Best sweat of the season! Thx for the win, that Freese SO was clutch!
Workout. Laundry. Workout some more
Sick man....smfh
The WreckingBalm giveaway has officially ended & the winner has been notified. Congrats to Tiffany W!
Oh damn we are friends on Twittah
thanks. Was not aware of your group.
Good Morning! It rained all last night and baby it's cold outside! I love the rain!!! And it's Friday! Hope you have a great weekend! :)
that would be purrrrrfect.
Wild eyes... Staring deeply into the large ocean of possiblies.... Smiles sweetly to her self and jumps.
I would like to know we are arguing the most memorable artist of the 2004 international at 3am in a bar. R. Crumb is winning.
Karina is more well known in general. Bryan may be in that poker room though.
Congrats to the Audubon Society's Children and Nature Collaborative for winning the San Diego Choice Awards for Environmental Stewardship!
I bet how old Is he
#Eastboundanddown revving my engine
3:15 pm. "Can I call you with my order in 30 minutes?" Me: "Sure. Leave it on my voicemail cause my phone is turning off in 15 minutes"
Rose torn Acl mean #Knicks v #Heat winner will make the #NBAfinals write it down! #doworkny!
jamming to 's Take Off Your Colours album. #sosick. come back to Cincinnati soon!
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook ignorant fucks who never shut up
Looking forward to #LSCon this year.
I'm pretty much lost in all this thing.
That's the one I kept it on. :) I think I like it better.
Wow! John Kruk is bigger than steel pole in Fenway.
oh okay thanks fam!! appreciate it!!
I don't even look like that anymore lol
"That was almost as high as we are" - Brian Anderson
Check out #SandwichKing on today at 10am will be featured! The best pastrami sandwich in IL!
Glad to meet you online. Thrilled to discover that some of our #SVNteam members like you are #CRE social media leaders!
A lifetime supply of theCRICKETtoy to the next person to purchase complete set of Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns (it's my break even one) :)
Everybody wants wants wants but nobody wants to give give give.
Jingle Ball Saturday Dec. 10th Baton Rouge. Doors at 7:30.
ohh I just understood that now after it was explained to mee
Don't close your Heart because, of past hurts. -Open your Heart because, there's a love out there waiting just for you.
Is this the death match for the #Republican Party > with it's schizo message? You know, Moral Majority finally killing Traditional Party?
"Wether you see him or not, you'll still be in his heart"
I miss you too ! Please let's do drinks soon
where you at girlie??
Day break
Thanks for the RT today!
That always happens to me in #TheFloridaKeys. At least It reminds me what sunrise looks like. LOL
:). I'm going down there next month. How was the trip? I would text you, but I can't.
people have no respect or any type of professionalism no one was there when I started now that things improved now I c every 1
did you guys like the new song?!?!? :)
baby you summatime fine,
": If you think you are too old to rock 'n roll then you are - Lemmy #Music"
I guess it's some elliot with one t that's making breakfast for yall
Are you freaking kidding me?!
I love Spring!
Marvin's room is the story of my life except the naked pics part hahahahha
“: Hey chubby guy sitting in his cubicle drinking Gatorade: You're doing it wrong.” this made me laugh
Looking forward to sales conference in NYC this weekend, but sad to miss in B'more!
thanks for all the RTs! Greatly appreciated
I've got 5 on it! You know that indoor weed?? ..... Nevermind
haha, I'm glad you had an awesome time with them. I saw your painting in one of the guys instragram!
Tickets for the hoot fest go on sale APRIL 1st :)
Sarcasm is a weapon in my rhetorical arsenal. I refuse to enter cyberspace unarmed.
Van Halen, of course. Although I think it's "give me something to write on"
sorry man. Looks like you'll have to go straight to the source
Hubby is touring a studio space. I'm home from work, waiting on him to bring me a big burrito. Hurry up!
Our Newark office is open today 8-5. ALL new patients receive 30% off glasses. 110 High St 315.331.5721. Hope to see you there!
Edward won't mind you coming to live with us for a while, You and EJ could hang out more that way -smiles-
Damn Money...this train can't be derailed! I hope Pac Man keeps on running from you because he doesn't stand a chance!
#WorstRapLineEver names mac miller. -mac miller. fyi i hate mac miller.
Slip up in the shower is sum scary shit! Just the thought of me falling but ass naked! Smh
The first girl to get roofied at Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers new Brookfield restaurant gets a life time supply of Limelite energy drink
Time's man of the year. Does time check people's background and legal problems EVER?
The more often you practice shooting the better prepared you'll be to catch those good ones. Shoot 2 people interacting. Share it w/ them.
I'd love a museum to roll out that particular QR .....
Thanks for the support. I guess I should quit whining, at least its a step in the right direction. :-)
&#39;Anti-alcoholism&#39; drug cleared for use in France
I guess that's why we couldn't stand eachother when we first got pregnant...
welcome to twitter! you're the coolest cat in Hollywood brotha, keep up the good work
That's hot
#GoTribe On a scale of 1-10 my level of tiredness is reaching double digits but on to game 3 of 6
Ladies and Gentleman, let's welcome Taylor Newman to Twitter!
finally at the one inch mark! do any of you want pics? -eugene
First order of business - BRUNCHES
Great show + gerbil impression
Hope it turns out well! =)
#reenvisioningnagel and a few clones of myself, then maybe I'll be able to handle it
then she must have something very important to say.
1.5 titles. He inherited the best team in the country for that first one.
I'm thinkin of a Masterplan!
Sleepy goodnight
All 4 were really performances; lyrical, sentimental; valuing "useless," "fleeting," "lo-fi" & challenging multimodality.
Yay. Bend It Like Beckham in Geometry 👍.
$10 will get you $20 worth of food and drink at Bobanna's in Waukesha! Head to www.crowdclick.com to get your's!
My MLB season goes year round, but I'm in the minority
There's a reason you have been dreaming of teabags...
A RELATIONSHIP WILL NOT LAST LONG IF ONE OF YALL DON'T KNOW WHAT U REALLY WANT! !!
#Roy-Bhattacharya, The Storyteller of Marrakesh. Scherezade mixed w. Rashoman in exploring the disappearance of a foreign couple in Morocco.
Hey! If you like mindless Behavior then follow me and I will send all y'all and autograph and q picture of them for you
On the way to Vancouver for
Sign up for the #MMA Conditioning #Dallas e-Newsletter here: eepurl.com/fttW2
thanks lady...means alot.
lol - no, I was pretty much in a daze, to be honest. haha.
Critical thinkers question everything.
I love how I feel after i run 🏃👌
no didn't go anywhere, but about to go to Vegas and Jamaica! I know her from Twitter, is a good friend:)
Amen ! RT : Its been worth it all... Everything I been through, its been worth it all...
what happen? :(
What it do lol
how old are u?
Thanks beast bestie, I love you! <3 :)
his first dance. One more to go!
I never expected to find a life that could mean more to me than one lived out of a suitcase. And I couldn't be more grateful now that I have
Finally. Someone who believes in my love for Hazza...
Thanks for the
Miracle on the Hudson plane is parked at the Pax Exit of I-77 South right now!
So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while...
subtle yet assertive
#TheEffectsOfAlcohol *Phone rings* Me-Hello. Tay (Drunk): hehehe deer darn green giraffe in dye fron yurd ....Me: *Click* -_-
Patriots will not Know what hit them, #1 Rushing Offense against 31st. ranked Defense in the NFL? Tebow will just pass on weak secondary...
Looking forward to lots of Play Dough and Bubbles. Our office, Supreme Lending, loves being a drop office point.
is 10x nicer than is!
The singer of Cannibal Corpse is banging his head way faster than I can. Just sayin.
Aww my roommates bf paid for my dinner and movie too
#NewFeds for clearance, be honest. If you've moved alot, get a credit report, lists those addresses (great tip!)
Rachel---my name is Pat Dooris. I'm a reporter at KGW TV in Portland. I'd love to talk with you about Jason Matus.
"Fall seven times and stand up eight."
Sorry to everyone who received a tweet or message from me outside of what I typically post. Working to fix it...
Hicksville & Long Beach
YES! : As depressing as snow can be, remember FREE HOT COCOA in 3rd Ward at & w/ more than 1 inch
I will be at the Funnybone in Hartford CT in August does that count?!
Merry Christmas man! Hopefully ur busy schedule has settled down for ONCE so u could enjoy time with family. 2012 is Yours
Thanks Ronnie! Friend's name? Website?
": Waking up to eat breakfast then going back to sleep on a full stomach, not healthy but it's an awesome feeling >"
Mine too!
Tweet me questions!? (:
wondering if I am the only geek working on homework Friday night...
It's time to go back to bed : /
thanks for helping me spread the word! you rock!
This man has on acryllic nails...why?
Bike rides to
thanks man!!! How the married life?
Aw, that's wonderful Rodney
#Adele's Grammy awards: Record and Song of the year & best pop solo performance & best pop vocal album. Congratulations to a GREAT ARTIST!
Being baking-challenged is notably difficult during the holiday season. Oh, cookie-swaps, how I loathe you!
is finally in weekend mode.
A careless word may kindle strife, a cruel word may wreck a life, a timely word may level stress, a loving word may heal and bless!
The moment someone believes they are capable is the exact moment they need to be inspired to commit to action...be prepared to inspire!
Best mother's day commercial was the Oreo one when the kids brought there mom a glass of milk rapped in napkins and Oreos
Of course. I certainly wasn't saying that all software is a differentiator; obviously not.
I'm wearing my sparkly flats today, too! Seemed an appropriate 'Happy Friday' footwear.
Im so proud of you
Hey, I just got tickets for the play 1776! WHICH REMINDS ME...
Done with Freshman Year 😏
its true I always skip them
A man had the hiccups during waking hours for 68-years. It's estimated that he hiccuped over 500 million times
It's a different world. The internet changed everything.
What's your favorite book?
lol thank you. I must admit, I have won a few times
: Yesterday marked 40 days until the 40th #BalloonFiesta! Follow along as we celebrate 40 days until the extraordinary event
me too!!! I get so anxious in it!
I know how to cook so my lady wont have to :)
congrats! You definitely deserve it!
watching a photo shoot at beta. Damn the new items are going to be amazing.
Love when random people on kik message me and ask if I'm single. Haha. Smh .
Pure HATE... Cowboys will bounce back; after we get a new QB, with fire in his belly. What do you think?
smooth shit man
& are coming to #BankAtlanticCenter on August 4th for their Heart & Soul Tour. Tix on Sale 3/17
That awkward moment when you catch your self checking out your gay exboyfriend -___-
Another pass offered 2 take my garm/bag on plane as his, was told that was not allowed! Was forced 2 cram suit, shirt, tie n small luggage..
these cramps are killing me, OMG -___-
One thing is very apparent...ePortfolios come in many shapes and sizes, and the tools to get there are as varied as the product.
#3WordsForYou "you got food?"
I forgot to buy coffee. Woe!
Heard they're paying them $214 mil over 9 yrs RT : Mr. Belding and Skippy are about to host this #BrewersOnDeck event.
I'ma bout to go to sleep
#UKnowUHungryWhen the day-old sausage in dah PCC staff break room looks prettah gud. hands off....mine!
Need to study for finals
PM Should we talk about what we are doing? We need funding or risk losing momentum. Tessa manages my calendar 920-886-8279.
Thanks for the follow! I like your #OccupyTogether poster.
Everyone is singing in their cars today.
Current word count: 1610.
In due time.
WHATT?!? It can't be
RT : *sigh* how the time flies
Who else is looking foward to the new album is releasing? Deffenetly covering many of those songs :)
Tweeting like a #boss in class, haha if I get in trouble I'm blaming you jujuj ;P xoxoxoox
Lol. Thx for the support. RT That sounds awful.
Ran a red light at 7am this morning &can't stop feeling guilty over it. That sentence can tell you everything about the type of person I am.
It's so awesome to be in Germany Again!!! Stay tuned for a secret Fc Dj set while I'm here
25% OFF Private Semi-Annual Sale Use code SPRING25 Ends 4/12
Hear my Halloween-appropriate song "Voices in the Wi-Fi" on my profile player on Reverbnation. Let me know what you think and if you...
dude, that's like a book! I do like your points but I couldn't finish it.
Can't wait for #crj104 class tonight. I think it will be a blast..already finished most of the homework that we are doin in class! :)
Favorite 90's sitcom catchphrase? GO!
sounds good man!!
who are you the most close with on the show? i have been dying to know! thanks for always tweeting me back =) xoxo
Thanks for the RT!!
thanks 4 da follow back back
I've more or less eaten nothing but toast and celery for the past 3 weeks.
Had my visa interview today.
Tosa rugby is about to lay the wood in Grafton
Congratulations you are now the F O O L of the day and we're only 43 minutes in, you now have 23 hours and 17 minutes to go!
correct her!! hahaha
soho? Haha more like Chinatown adventures!
rally monkey?
can i be vinnys then plizeeee
I am still freelance on saturdays, anywhere I get booked is where I will be
pleas pleaseplease follow me!!!!!
Sweet dreams, everyone
Well, at least Utah has Derrick Favors to look forward to next year
I get it!
Drowning out Dora with some quilting time. I have some blocks I want to finish for a friend's quilt I am making.
yea that was some under water shit SharkAttack
I wonder if Mitt Romney wears a new pair of socks every day. I wish I did.
I also love mangoes, all varieties available now, so I’m in special heaven on Earth :)
Um, what's the yellow thing?
Killing some brain cells
are you hating on mr Lin? Lol
our drummer sike. Hes the artist
Jst watched chronicles great movie...but i didnt like the end...lol..
Thanks for the tip. ": follow to start"
I think 'scale-ah' makes more sense. I guess I'll switch pronunciations. :-)
I hope you're DVR'ing for us.
The big thing here is to be happy with what you have! Don't cry for something different.
Is that another one? We need more creativity.
Yup yup were STILL UP CANT SLEEP 1:26am
. and citing Kepner Tregoe decision-making model for finding new software (works for other things, too)
My Royals shirt is mad at me. He's been talking to my Chiefs shirt about his trip to Western KS. My Royals shirt wants to go. LOL
Did the Heat just give us the least helpful update of all time?
Is that what happened??
let us know if you have any questions or if you need some assistance! xox
Drake > everyone else
LOved the CD you sent. Pat
Food Fact of the Day:March 27, 1923 Sir James Dewar died. He invented the 'Dewar Flask,' the original 'thermos bottle'.
because he doesn't have to throw. I think Davis will get the day off tomorrow. He's been struggling since that W he got
everybody is a genius. but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing it is stupid.
After two and a half hours at the salon my hair is finally complete :D v
Free Lunch Today!!! Provided by the best cooks in the LBK WolforthUMC
Hahaa. You're welcome. x] And I know, good god I'd have a heart attack. Doubt it will though...But..BUT I DUNNO.
Great day in the studio. Getting the business in place, to move the music!!!!!!
i know! That's why I'm keeping it short
did you know Dr Fell is his wife in real life?
it's been so long since I have talked to you. I'm in need of your gnarly advice again. Can you help? Your advice in the pas ...
Thank you!
Yellow and Green. You know what I mean...
Maybe if they turned the economy off and then turned it back on it might run better. Works for my computer....
Want to work together ASAP! Let's try to put something together.
Make a customer unhappy in the real world, they might tell 6 friends. Make a customer unhappy on the Internet, they can tell 6,000 friends.
Our snow has turned into rain. That's okay too.
what you know bout that cuz? Lol
The latest issue of Vanity Fair mag
I feel like this might be a conversation-changing discussion right here.
You've got some balls making fun of my bestfriend right infront of me.
dont worry i will i think its gonna b more black girls on the team then white girls
Good Day All…
RT if you can find sexy in this kmckjasdvncioamcxlkpcxmwisamkasnzxquJUSTIBIEBERiojfihqewksmxlkqwceckwjmksj
because i don't ride roller coasters & if i did i definitely wouldn't be in the front hahaha.
YES!! I swear 1 day I'm gone cut you off for good tho lol
Enjoying post- registration desk fun. is such a quality event!! Kudos to
What's goin on Jenny?
Congrats to my little brother and best friend, for completing his degree and 4 years of collegiate golf.
watching the brewer game
Last niqht I had a dream about you<3
“: Chalmers lil gay ass dont want none of david west” if he's gay he might... But he dont want to fight thas for sure
do you need promo? me too
We gonna make it ~ Jadakiss
Okay, I am on my way out the door. --Ready to see what this library is all about. :0
RT : “When did Amazon become the generic for bookstore?” A Buffalo bookseller skewers Amazon’s role in the ecosystem...
To paraphrase , the future digital library is here, it's just unevenly distributed?
Thanks Breezy! Lol
Just Go For It - humor and romance, great date movie.
Be careful, that could come in the form of a hoarder keeping you captive under a pile of rotting cabbage and shoe laces.
.....where clients must leave in the morning and have no guaranteed bed for the next night.
Anthony Jackson
Thanks for the RT on the Tommy Bahama password. FYI, the NEW free pupu password is 'WEEKEND' thru 4/26.
You thirsty #lakeview? Come in and have a home made orange smoothies, freshly squeezed orange juice, a homemade lemon soda or italian ice!
LOL Do you think Reed will play this year?
Russ Salzberg said "Jason" 2day during parade coverage, c'mon man! TODAY?! (He quickly corrected it) does JPP get "Justin?"
IM NOT EVEN A GINGER ANYMORE
When the car parked outside the house is worth more than the house you might be in a bad neighborhood - bartender at Ruth Chris
Look up from my desk and see my neighbor mowing my lawn. Could not be more grateful.
he's Alan Faneca reincarnated. He was a complete standout in their bowl game.
where is the after show happening at?
JONAS BROTHERS WILL ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!! and after some time hopefully , too!!!!!!!!
I had to ask lady what finger was my ring finger.
C'MON! It's #tmoneytuesday and I'm just "doin me"!! How was Cali?
hope u feel better soon!
I don't know why the Liberals are so worried about their agenda being defeated. The Bible teaches that men shall wax worse n worse. 2Tim3:13
So is PayPal completely non user friendly now? Makes me never want to use it!
You forgot to mention the two MOST POPULAR films made for CMF, AFRO THUNDA & MAN CRUSH which are ALSO going to CANNES.
I don't do african boys , they crazy lol .
I made the mistake of discovering dark-chocolate Reese's cups. Goodbye to my fit, slender body.
hahah every time one of his movies comes out my mom makes me see it with her
Stranger danger!
Sending out #FF's to my girls enjoy y'all wet kiss day and may it lead to an amazing weekend. Xo :)
i want a lollipop now :(
definitely! That's awesome
we gone fight lol
yes they need 2 go soon! rt @ osumom09 some one need to take off.
The Giants will get to meet Obama at the White House, while the Patriots will get to meet Newt Gingrich at the Waffle House
I'll give you an 'A' for effort, but an 'A+' cuz you called me cute.
ugh im so bored
Have a Good Evening....Spread Love!
: it's true. It's been ingrained into me, pavlov's dog style. Thanks a lot.
Travel day today....Rock on the Range...I expect my instagram app is going to be working overtime this weekend
We are looking forward to sampling your Hacienda Araucano Carmenere tonight at a wine tasting. Cheers!
i just read her feed. i cannot comprehend the amount of crazy.
We aren't carrying any pro stock models of the Total One or APX sticks/skates, but we can place custom orders for both.
Middle age is when you're old enough to know better but still young enough to do it.
Some kids at school are calling me gay. How can u call an 11 year old gay?
Congrats to , who's transferring back to Clear Channel/St. Louis as OM!
I inferred solid. He didn't indicate whether it was fresh or aged.
I failed my restricted test by one question -__-
Oh Healz YEAH!
Great point. I'm not saying KG necessarily should've gotten MVP, but the fact he didn't get a single vote is what irks me.
Hey! I haven't been in a long time...I mix it up with exercise a lot, maybe this summer I'll go back!
When you think 5 years ahead, don't just make business goals. Make goals for your whole life and how your biz fits in it.
As a community of startups, startup supporters, and the like. What are your thoughts on the Instagram Backlash after acquisition?...
#AMERICANIDOLSPOILER #SPOILERALERT WTF teenage girls! Did you not vote for #idol this week? COST ME SO MUCH $$!
Come over and eat a Meatloaf Sandwich!
Had my hoodie pulled. up strings pulled tight , rolled up in a ball on the couch , 3 hours slept .
If you try to tell me I cant, I will sure as hell try to show you I can! If you think you can't you never will.
check ya email... sent some heat
North Carolina Aquarium Fort Fisher chooses for Media Content Player for new exhibit!
now only one ;-)
haven't had one in the longest. So good, bruh.
Did the full design for my poster. Edited the text. Then realized I forgot to put my name on the stupid thing. Grr.
Eating girl Scout cookies and drinking cream soda to sober me up at 7am lmao
No food and no one on campus wahh :(
You doing Zepplin tonight! Terrific! Great show.
Corfu,NY - what would the Dowager think of you with your liquor store, gun store & tattoo shop dotting the main thoroughfare?
AKQA is hiring in all departments! Message me if you are interested! (Search, Creative, Project Management etc....)
What is the plan for the gathering? I might be interested.
Still in bed cuddled up with channel <3
MISSING GIRL INFO: Abagail, 5'4" 140lbs, 13, white. Walked away from Wright Middle School 90 min ago (Fish Hatch/Belt area)
there their they're, patients and patience
Glad to have several new followers! Thank you
An Alcohol Addiction: Definition Of Addiction
Good! That kind of bias against women (and moms) drives me nuts. Lots of moms work in tech for crying out loud! :D
congratulations for renewed tier 1 status on the state's preferred hospital list!
I'm gonna make my life worth watching when it flashes before my eyes.
#ideas2action fantastic 2 days at the summit-what a welcome opportunity.Congrats to all who made it happen-Lisa & Michael especially.
Indeed it was! Glad I was awake! RT : what a night last night!
i wanna sleep but i wanna watch friends. what to do, what to do?
someone had to style those soldier's hair!
I really need food trucks to come to John Carlyle in Old Town. Asian Street Tacos are my friend.
last to jump on the bandwagon and am 110% clueless...
#FF to some folk of the goodkind. Check em out:
1D Flawless Homosexuals. The great thing about this is that directioners are making fun of the boys more than the haters ❤
#knicks blowing it...Stoudemire has his coach to thank for not teaching him any defense in Phoenix
and when he smiles, the whole world stops and stares for a while, cuz you're amazing, JUST THE WAY YOU ARE ♥
Just interviewed a drummer with an amazing goatee and mustache. Couldn't stop looking at it.
happy birthday ya coy...wish you the best
Lol, now MY dad thinks we're lesbian! x)
"There ain't no party like a knitting party." - knows.
#ThingsMyExsaid your penis is tiny!
I should make cookies.
Happy Mothers Day! You don't know me but I've watched you for hundreds of hours! Oh wait that sounds so creepy! Love #24 best ever.
Hi! Please email your question to: craftybastards[at]washingtoncitypaper[dot]com
kissed right in front of
yes we will run contests here on Twitter too :)
thanks so much! :)
Okay, enough of the shoes. I am off to the dentist. Fun, fun, fun.
Good evening Hon.....how are you and what happened??
Good evening fam :)
It's on the bulletin board in my apartment building.
My Vibrams are amazing. You will not be sorry.
I love learning new info about my craft....this market really is a business; ur in control. Learn the info & Take off!!!
Well now, as consolation, Sony is offering free ID theft protection to safeguard you against threats like... Sony.
Got a dollar and a dream
I do!
I bet!! Where do you work now?
the real question is what are YOU going to be
can't believe you would consider getting a snowcone without me... gonna need some cafe adobe when I hit the H!!!
contact case is the best travel case for mustache wax-- I can take two stiffnesses in the same case!
If i could have One more day w/ my great aunt.. #oneHappyGirl. <3 You hunny , until we meet agaain :D
Regulars make the world go round.
teach you how to Dougie? m you don't want that. I cuts rug!
Just saw it. Fascinating. We need to catch up!
Tomorrow, maybe?
y'all some wild ones. Lol.
Today in coconut water news: is a convert -- she's nuts for the drink. Are you next, ?
I never knew it was that deep/serious, that these chicks wanna wish death on me ! Haha 
Agreed! RT : Ugh. Reading that racist stuff about Rue makes me wanna cry.
What's w/ people leaving "the" or "a" off "majority" in writing? This is apparently an endemic problem now.
Can't wait for the season 2 premiere of Louie tomorrow. I hope it doesn't suck a bag of dicks.
thanks a mil Jake! If I can actually see the vote button to vote, you definitely have my vote as well man!
I'm glad all the spanish ppl bout to be mad tonight & tomorrow! Floyd mayweather niggas!!!!
Gotta do the Lord's work going to the jails, prisons, hoods, streets & anywhere else. They need it, we don't deserve nuttin
Ain't gotta man, but she paid man
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place. -- Billy Crystal
Do you support rail in Wisconsin? If so, follow and let your voice be heard.
i cant
I wonder if he regrets his decision.
He makes me smile!...
what time? I will be across the street at 2pm
- that is FANTASTIC! Thanks so much for listening, for being moved, and for being part of the change for homeless kids!
next to Nye and st. Patties day its one of the craziest days in Denver... Everyone is high and smoking in front of cops lol
said: "I've used up all of my sick days so I'm gonna call in dead" <--tha's funny
hm good eye. Would you believe I was going for a picaso look?
love you :)
naw I was just fucking wit you
mic ultra fair all involved
Woke up and on the go now..
forget it
real classy move by the Minnesota captain taking two cheap shots while losing 6-1.
Jim got mugged
Your tweet are so wise haha I love them RT : My iPod’s shuffle is the Magic 8 Ball of my adult life.
RT : Heads up Prince Eric, Aladdin, Peter Pan & other Disney leading men. If Roethlisberger wins he's coming for your ladies
Wish he'd go back to his cave. Neanderthal. : Walker didn’t cave during 8 years as Milwaukee County Executive... & won't cave now.
as seen on tv. No shipping and handling on twitter though.
Why can I only eat two pieces of pizza and I feel like I'm gonna vom. So sad
And the award goes to ! Congrats!!
Good mornin everybody didn't get any GM text this morning so let's see who says it back
If anyone saw what I just did they would throw up
Has your partner ever prevented you from leaving the house, seeing friends/family, getting a job, or continuing
Oh, I just love Tim Burton!!! <333
#OTGTIPS 99.5% OF THE PEOPLE WHO SAY THEY KEEP IT REAL, KEEP IT REAL FAKE.
I guess today is National Llet's all Drive 20 mph Under the Speed Limit Day."
Ok. I love one direction. KCA got me hooked.
OH-THANK U 4 THAT I BET THESE TALK SHOWS WONT LAST 5 YRS. LET ALONE 42 YRS.GIVE ME MY SOAPS BACK.
beat everyone
Unfinished Brazilian Teak - Cumaru 3/4" x 4" and 5" natural tan tones, with tight even grain. Both in-stock!
Here we go! Cotto vs Mayweather! Who do you got?
Kanye liked Jennifer Hudson's rendition of "I Will Always Love You" but says Beyonce would've done it better.
Oh my god, I AM "plucky and dishevelled," aren't I?
hate to disagree, but there are plenty of women who are exactly that stupid. I grew up in the south & live in the Midwest
Hope to see you girls this Sunday at Ripple! Bring new Winos if ya can.
Exciting and entertaining bowl game! Go NIU! Get that ref's mic fixed!
My lucky friend gets to see you and I get stuck at home!!:(
#thatawkwardmoment when you catch someone taking a picture of themself at the gym and then he catches you tweeting about it
I wanna perform. You can check me out if you'd like to.
Yay its friday! And im up in the gym working out to
LOL. Yeah some of the scenes I'm like um... didn't happen but as TV show, it fits. Plus I love GoT so I'm more lenient haha.
Finally found air heads!
You are so confusing...
thanks :) you rock!
...that's going in my bra.
it's always, it's all for you.
I would get the drug affected baby.
It's not available through the "build an indicator list" function. You have to do each indicator separately for PDFs.
Cool kid status. Literally.
Few things help an individual more than to place responsibility on him and to let him know that you trust him. - Booker T. Washington
Perfume doesn't taste good at all!
Somewhere Lee Corso is putting on a Rebel head and saying "NOT so fast!"
Oh man, ezell's on lake city.
dude i have no idea what's up with it...are u trying to get on from an app or from online?
#iloveagirl with the same qualities as (close to impossible)
Re-re-reading Mrs. Dalloway, one of my faves since high school English. Now preparing to present on it for a modernist arch. class. Excited!
I've only read gwtdt but r u talking bout the Swedish films or American version of gwtdt because that was amazing
My condolences to Kim Stratton on the loss of her brother... We love you and are praying with you and your family.
Post production magic is happening.
Beautiful day out.Love my outfit. Good Mood. Hopefully no dumb ass ruins it.
# Register to vote in November and go vote
Multiscreen=BigBizz RT NBC: Lots of cool new social tv products in the marketplace, but man is it exhausting to keep up with
- I need a shower after hearing the things coming out of Snooki's mouth.. Wow! TMI to the nth degree!!
sorry, capacitor
dude, it is SO hard to maintain a relationship during school
Hey Baltimore Oriole fans.. HAHAHAHAHA Welcome back to the baseball you really know.
Been bout it since I was 12 gotta let me do some #promo #art for the
I'm doing that thing where I'm reading 9 books at the same time again :-X marathon reading session needed! Must..not..start...another...book
Has anyone mentioned your doppelganger in the AT&T 4G LTE tailgating commercial? Or, was that so 13 seconds ago?
A lot of people still don't understand how much The Game Has Changed!!!
When do you finish ID school?
Producing apparel line now for really sweet basketball project. This one has some horsepower!!
#Ew my dad was trying to tickle me feet by scratching his toe nails on them. Congrats you grossed me out instead!
15 innings and counting without a run for
So when you say "traffic has gone to the dogs" you really mean it. ;-}
Trying to decide on a new name for my blog and a search for ‘crazy cat lady’ resulted in multiple blogs. Half-crazy cat lady? Maybe not.
Custom Posters On Sale All Weekend long at MusicalStop.com The home for Independent Artists Across North America.
We played 2 of the new arrangements from Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns yesterday in the Chapel Praise service. They loved them!
Just checked my grades and there actually really good!
Scratch my last status.. I just left Carrabba's doe
Let us know when we can work together ..
nice! howdy from an alabama expat and jealous wilco fan.
Good morning all! Another beautiful day in LA.
Orange County #1 for search word #SeoOrangeCounty "Upfront Consultants"
It's time for work on Monday. Good thing I have a name badge because I forgot who I am.
lmfaoo my mom was about to go in!!!!!!!!
I am so excited to hear your new stuff. :)
Don't forget to visit the exhibit is you're at the Association for Asian American studies this week!
I need a tan.
Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be. - James Allen
can i haz
LOOOL. SHE WONT RESPOND :(
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
oh, of course. Look for Oh, and don't forget to bring your camera ;)
: No, we will never "endorse" Romney. But we will work hard against Obama. //Amen!
You should produce it. Sounds awesome. At least do a table read.
Did you finish a 30 day yoga challenge recently? Motivate others by tweeting us the benefits you gained from your dedication to practice :-)
Getting ready for the opening keynote Molly Raphael ALA president!
who Jah bless no man curse...
I second Jonathan's thought, Peter. Perfect place to start.
S/o to my new follower
Thanks to all past and present #veterans out there who have protected this great country and helped make it what it is today.
Any big #CincoDeMayo plains this weekend?
Really enjoying the presentation from in #jms585. Great tips on how to have successful media relations!
yes, I most certainly do. and I have a big interest in promoting ICT4E in Latin America.
Loving Mac OS Lion!
I had to turn on my air
thanks. didnt have 2 testify today but will have 2 eventually when get to next trial. luckily went in n was excused n minutes.
follow me?(:
Jealous! where were you all 12 months ago during my LSE exams? :) at least I had
Cynthia bold tonight I see.
Thanks, Tim. Yeah, but being 29 for 20 years is starting to get a little, well, old.
I suppose you got part of your wish.
Just came all the way up here and my appointment is tomorrow.. wow omg , today sucks /:
And we're back! came from ‘Way Out Here’ to the beach for PB! Are y’all ready to sing to ‘Beer On The Table’?
um im lost...in kentucky
Hahaha alright, well you should try one of them then!
If i meet at warped tour I'm going to start crying and hug him super duper tight<3
What time does Dilliard's New Years Day sale start in the ATL?
leaving tomorrow, back on 7/29, staying at Royal Sonesta Hotel
Glad to hear it, man. Thanks. I'm pretty excited, too.
good afternoon.. i feel like sheeeiiitttt
I wished we lived closer to David 😔
only you could do something like that
One more time, quit lying to the American public.
Congratulations on the opportunity in September! That's terrific.
I tossed & turned... The 20 minutes of sleep I did get involved 2 exes, nudie pics online, my car breaking down & being late for work. >_<
I gotta agree with Chichester's flashes of brilliance only makes his usual ineptitude that much more puzzling
do instill use 4sq
Financial checklist for widow(er)s in new relationships
Watching Swedish House Mafia on #CoachellaLive... pretty close to just buying next weekend's ticket.
Im in s wood kooling
Thanks for the follow. Social media is the way forward.
So im eatin a poptart and bein #Chill and tryin to help and trend #Chill (:
its been going on for a while x)
#mentionyourcrush Wood Harris!!
,Good Morning
Won't the Pac12 tourney record technically be set by whomever ends this game w/ the most assists?
Only way to get it RT : I want success so bad I can almost taste it
Many thanks to and for helping us throw a great Talent Appreciation Party last night!
My Nittany Lions looked bad today
We will never forget bro!
All I want for Christmas is for to follow me! That would be the best Christmas present anyone could ask for. :) 💟
is baking my traditional holiday lemon squares per my family's request! hm...the house smells lemony!
Eating a nature valley bar on the bus and loving the looks i get from random people
writing cleanses my soul....
My iPhone just shut itself down, rearranged the app icons, and turned the keyboard sound on. Maybe I should stop hacking this thing.
You could just become a Brewers fan... I mean, you have lived here for three years now...
Can anyone play defense today?!???
You have a ping pong table right? Next weekend it's on.
I'm trending. I think I scored a goal in Argentina or something like that.
Women R my equal & I support your rights as if they are mine. Limbaugh is a big mouth disrespectful, hateful coward! Men Respect ur women.
I heard the clubs are empty tonight!!!! Thanks alot wal-mart....lol
Drunks go acoustic Tour Day 2: Driving to Bakersfield, playing Riley's Tavern tonight. #drunksgoacoustic new tour sponsor
Define "awake." I too am out of bed, but awake isn't the right word.
Thanks for the #follow Let's rock a gig sometime soon!
yeah right in Nevada, with many of boosters from UNLV making "private donations" it's being investigated by the NCAA.
I love watching Kobe footwork shot fake jab scoring ability and also love hearing him booed in Denver. Questionable personal life.
Do anybody not have kids anymore? laaaawwwwdddd!
One more vote to go, not that it will be much different.
Don't act like you didn't see this coming.(: Hahah.
I'M PASSING ALGEBRA YOU GUYS I'M SO HAPPY
damn. We got Bieber Fever alright. We stay talking about him. Lol its kinda sad, but hes worth it :D
We have a crossbreeze here....thank goodness...
Only 1O% of men go to HEAVEN, cause if they all went then it would be hell!
My baby throwing real combo's picture purfect...idk...i might have the next mike tyson out here he go crazy
Driving around with the windows down singing at the top of our lungs. Did someone say summer?
i guess should just non-wrinkle herself to the shed.
I noticed u take a special interest in SF food truck scene (saw your 7x7 post). Have a project I'm working on u might like
She got your card and thought it was so sweet. Thanks, woman!!
adapt...or jump in the with all your clothes.
That's it! Thanks! :) - Jess
submitted room change requests will begin to be reviewed in early February.
man i love omegle.
nice..yo momma jokes of the 21st century.."Yo momma's so fat, she tried tweeting and exhausted the 140 after first keystroke."
And I don't have an acceptance speech prepared...
"It doesn't matter of who you are," she says 'cause He made you perfect, babe. -Lady Gaga :D
Dont worry, got a few singles coming back from the studio in a week or two! RT : ; Hurry and release some new stuff!
A potato would have outcoached Karl. RT : And Phil would have outcoached Karl.
And you as well!
Face Down, Ass Up
I thought everyday was a sunny spring day down there.
Dont know if I wanna listen to my mom scream for Kobe and World Peace! They can do no wrong. Meanwhile poor Shaq gets every time he appears.
TD has stopped working on my Android tablet. Also, does not sync colunms with Windows version. Any ideas?
looking forward to being there..added "how to write a $250k proposal in 2 hours to 2nd day's content
Fed up with your auto repair bills? We save you #money on your insurance through the internet.
Softball: First pitch underway between Wilsonville and Rex Putnam at WHS. Wildcats need a win if they want to move up NWOC standings.
Demosthenes~ There is a great deal of wishful thinking in such cases it is the easiest thing of all to deceive ones self.
if i had one i would!!!
A thousand words will not give so profound an impression as one deed.
let's go tomorrow
Justin just happens to be this generations comparison. Cody may not be as well known as Justin but look at all the hate
must go to Whalen's for live music, can check schedule online, catch a tradition play at the Abbey, Guiness tour, Paddy Wagon bus tour
Lol I Got You RT : you still owe me some..lol
hey, I love you too. Even though this isnt really working.
hmm maybe ;) i'm talking with this company. we will see.
Thank you! Red Velvet is one of our favorites too.
Moms always make you feel better... usually lol. <3
brussss, it's all about that
Listening to the 80's love songs...I'm really starting to like them.
awesome! didn't know JH had a new album until ur tweet, which I used as a nudge, nudge 4 my partner
and I always regretted it. I learned that you really were taking a step backwards by selling yourself, and the client, short.
And a very good morning from #canheit at #mcmaster!
Sorry to hear that! Hope it's not as bad as you fear.
Had 12 yards of mulch delivered. Holy Cow!! Thanks God for teenage nephews.
Hope everyone had a happy and safe New Year! Watch for our latest commercial for Wall and Associates on FOX and CBS!
Captain America is walking by the office outside my window.
Second best tweet of the day? calling me & the SoMe Brat Pack.
In Titanic's day about 80 million pieces of mail were handled by the Sea Post, via NY Harbor.
Lol thats your boat nick name RT : MIGHT HAVE TO PUT "THE SENIOR CITZEN" (MY BOAT) ON THE WATER 2MARO
was gettin' it at prom. haha.
your ass never texts me either. :o
Welcome to the family!!! #UC2016 RT : just confirmed my admission!!! I'm coming to UC in august!!!!!! :D
voiceovers are the best i'm excited.
Tommorow they're going to be in California(; And next week she's going to be in Florida I think? Check their Facebook page!
Sell in NM please.
I'm @ Try Outs & it looks like a slow night. Guess the word hasn't got out on this place. Come see me @ Plan B Thurs 7:30 to 9:30
that is one of my favorite episodes EVER
The Sultan of Swing retired the bat on this day in 1935. Do you know who that was?
Dustin Brown is a BEAST
Hey Bella, I just wanted to know if u could tell how to dress like Cece on shake it up
Photoshoot scheduled for next week, video release coming up, and biz coaching crazy Friday happenings!
our other favorites are wevideo, popplet, visual.ly, audiopal, and pen.io - just exploring cowbird -
Oh wow, stay tuned for a big update on #RoseontheRoof!!
Working on sound system at church
What time is 4pm est in england O.o
Making correct decisions doesn't = playing safe. Completely disagree.
We had a blast too! RT : Fun day at media day. Great people and great organization. Time to get back to work in Indy.
Working on a new template for the magazine. Trying to keep it light with plenty of white spaces for the massive amount of text.
NPR pays attention to them.
Bali is on National Geography :D waww
MPD looking for 24 YO Edgar Ivan Salinas of Mad, shot another who has life threatening injuries, 2k6 blue Uplander 69157D
ok good
You see how it works? The scoundrels won't stand too much of that crappy humor. NNLOL!
plz get wealthy and big biz to donate #HOUSING solution thanks!
No doubt Ann Romney had tough job raising all those Romney kids-lots of credit given. It's extra hard to do it w/o much money/security.
Just booked tickets to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico for the weekend - leaving tomorrow morning w/! Happy Thursday!
Wat up dudes
i have a test tomorrow wish me luck?
All buckwheat dumplings, all the time. Is Astra actually on Twitter or is this wishful Tweeting?
How's yall bitches day goin?
Psst...your owner is still Dan Snyder RT RG3 becomes a Washington #Redskin today. A new era? God, I hope so.
The tent has been moved!
It's Schnitzel Day (Schnitzel Tag!) at the customer site I'm visiting. Schnitzel and fries in the lunch room. But no beer to wash it down...
excuses excuses. Shame on you little sister. -_-
WE LOVE making it a wonder-fuller day at Park Here everyday! RT Big shoutout to Everyone melts in your furniture
"I'ma live life live, I'ma get what's mine."
Right now denver needs a big with fresh legs like mozgov or koufos...
Hello, how are you all ?
loved you on
to infinity and beyonce
The Waiting List has hit #20, but none of them have sent in their registrations yet. Will open up to the public this Saturday.
its diff throughout the building. warm ups and opening are loud, because the players want to hear it
We are home!! Whose ready to party?
Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn't expect to be paid back. ~Unknown
“: FACT: Post Offices use 4 checkouts...unless it's really busy, then they use only one. #Truth” you mean walmart?
TIP: get re-energized by giving yourself a full on lunch break. Relax and enjoy. Aaahhh...
just underscored the importance of parental involvement in their children's education
looking forward to it!
That's some hot shit right there.
Super excited for "celebrate 's new job" girls night!!! :)
In need of a luxury or exotic car rental for that special occasion, or just because? We've got you covered!
feed me wat
Where's Reggie when you need him?
Thanks, Laurie! Believe it or not, despite the pretty head, he's not an Arabian--although he get that a lot! He's Hanoverian!
And the #TonyAward goes to Tracie Bennett - the new Queen of Broadway - for her tour-de-force as Judy Garland in
so jealous. I have ieverythingelse. What's is that? Mac Air?
My soul sings My soul sings out Only for you
I just wanna curl up under my blankets and go back to sleep :/ I hate working this early
Love spicy foods? You could actually be addicted! The capsaicin found in chilies sends signals to your brain that release endorphins!
that waz off the hook or out of dah socket...
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. ~Jim Rohn
I do not like to hurt!
is getting up to speed with social media. shifting one old idea at a time...
I can access plain rooibos. Take a week for me to get my hands on it. Need sooner? I can suggest a few places...
what is Matt laPortas at bat song...I love it!
just got home. Awesome night. Let's do it again some time. Xx
going to my moms
we having one at Bar 7
'I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.' - Brian
Fashion Geek today Shout out my nigga
Your enthusiasm is duly noted. Which chewed at your soul more before release? Innistrad or Mirrodin?
I started my essay !(:
yup. Just hit me!
thanks dude!
#MyLove You took my hand.. gave me your heart.. we shared a dance.. look what you've done to me.
boy, you really don't get it do you?
awRT : just the passion and love you have for this team. when i see that from fans, i get a little emotional lol
Country Music Awards were nothing short of awesome last night.. I wonder if any of those stars burn incense. Anybody like country?
Feels like some really cool things are going to happen this week.
Hey Nick' what is your favorite movie???please answer me...! :)
Awesome news!!
PLEASE NOBODY DIE
I juss hot outta the shower (: nice & freshh ! Lol & no when I freaked, my sister came over & smashed it. Poor cricket .. lol
I love when people prove me to be right ☺
he had a nice assist on that Astros run earlier.
loved having you this weekend!!
I don't think I can come today....but can I go over tomorrow? Hah after school?
When I'm with you| Best Coast
enough junk food already!!
Has anybody heard of a good spot to find cheap groceries in the Gold Coast?
It’s National Tourism Day. Get out and support your local communities by taking a tour in your hometown today.
Then this other hoe telling the WHOLE bus her life story -___-
I HATE SPIDERS.
Great deal! RT TODAY ONLY - Join California Family Fitness for just $20!!! Please RT!! :)
Everyone in short circuit is a poser
RT Isn't a moment of silence a bit too ironic for Penn State?
Suggestion: Bring #itgetsbetter conversation to international and mulitcultural communications learning
Bring it LA, I'm not movin'! RT : SB1066 passed unanimously in the Senate this evening!
Show no mercy
Watching this piece and I just don't get it. I love art, but this is absurd and the cost is insulting and embarrassing.
Frank ocean >
@ thank you for the RT!
Prepping for speaking w/ 's Museum Sci class on Tues. First time as a guest speaker for a classroom via Skype! Got pointers?
Why elevator? Did you do some electrical work today? Too funny!
tbh i dont know if i want to see the first 10 minutes.If i see it I will just end up wanting more...
I must say The crowd spoke!..Leek Killed it they said!..#Coast2Coast Big Ups to all artist tho!...L's Up!
Good weekend at #KentuckyDerby. Great event. Watched the big race w/ at Louisville airport before heading home
what are talking about man?. hell ya I could use that 1600.. new episodes of #thewalkingdead the video game is coming soon
What did you think of the Express Line?
Cyclones. That was fun.
What's hanneninnnnnn
Good luck to new pro in Day 2 of the LAPC $10k Main Event today!!!
What did you think about the midnight opening?
RIP HEAVY D!!!
If only they could improve, or be happy with themselves instead of tearing down others. It's a shame.
i hate being like everyone else....i strive to be different
Trying to get inside on Cabrera's hands.
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,ARTICLES OF VALUE ! WATCH REPAIRS,CRYSTALS, WATCH BANDS , BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 !
Great to see you here!!! Have a blessed day bro !!!
is grant speaking at a church tomorrow in Austin? Would like to know in order to hear him speak. :-)
That doubt takes a swing at me everyday, man. The way i see it, i just gotta slip and counter...
I have two dirt bikes in my basement. Let's go make our own episode of
Congrats on the booking! Are you in a new play?
ORTIZ OR MAYWEATHER????
Camera Time: Ready your subject for a shot: either pic or vid. Call them the wrong name & see what emotional response you can capture.
CBB Fest IV descends on the on 1/21/12 with a bluegrass megajam featuring David Grisman, , +more!
RT Making a mistake is the best way to *really* learn something. Have patience for the mistakes of others - we all make em!
True. What I like abt travel, in part, is how it highlights what we like/don't about home.
Jersey shore
Cool, using what hosting company?
Time to go out and shovel snow in front of the school. Again...
Ugh i really want to meet Austin Mahone!! <3 All those lucky girls who saw him today!:/
When TG insulted my outfit, I knew I made the right decision this morning.
millers raining threes. Hell be out wit 3pters elbow rest of yr..its a cousin of tennis elbow
He could pay your car registration 20 million times. Another reason to never move to Cali.
round 2... Tick tock yo times up, imma surprise u like when lesnar showed up.
on twitter and checking my email
Couldn't answer right away. Doing shots with Ted watching Bama crush Penn State.
Stay focused. Finish the year strong!!
What you doin in Columbus? Concert?
RT : Congratulations to all the finalists! Each artist has the chance to take home the $30,000 Sondheim Prize.
Good luck to and the CSU Rams against San Diego State tonight!
try the detox tea with some creme de menthe at mochas it will change your world
Big day coming up, Nov 14th at the Merrell Center!!! What a slate of game put together by !
Oh yeah? As a source?
Dropping sexy, deep and tech house at Kyma lounge 1st floor of the EPIC hotel....
love it.. Good for you. Love the drive & passion.
Both what?!?
Christmas eve eve:) #bam!
Favorite if you like chicken wings. No? My gosh...
Titus Livius~ There is always more spirit in attack than in defence.
confirmation I'm not insane... or at least not *that* insane
Awesome js geo estelle! RT Some awesome ideas at #atthack. ... outcome ... I am really hungry for some bacon.
I read this and thought "Daylina would find this useful." Then I realized you're the one who tweeted it.
#AskJennette what is your biggest fear? :)
when he texts you first saying cute things♥
That's FREAKY
are you guys going to warped at all?
Happy Birthday Celine Dion! You have one of the best voices I've ever heard.
were great, except for Friday, no that's my friend Laurens boyfriend, I went to Junior Prom if my friend Shannon
The buzz is in the air lockland bar & grill on Saturday nights is the place to be . All bad chicks in the building . Dr open 8p.m. til 3a.m.
So I'm thinking the aquarium Saturday ...
BOO BEAR!! GANG BANGING WITHOUT ME?! :O
It's gotta be a good sign when you show someone a recording of yours & after listening they say, "these headphones sound great", right?
Gonna take a nap so I can see on stickam later :D
tonight is going to be amazing I cannot wait.
#RIPSteveJobs - I offer my condolences for #SteveJobs who generated an enlightenment with innovative inventions.
Lol Im Funny
I saw the first part of that the other night. So good, but so frustrating.
Did you fart? Lmao
Check out the new single off "Where Giants Roam". Let us know what you think!
Just Got Banged On , Soo I Guess I'll Go To Sleep Now !
welcome to Twitter lmaoo
Why is iris by the goo goo dolls randomly number 1 on iTunes?
bad mother.
Join us at for our Official Opening Day Tailgate. We walk to the stadium area together at 2pm.
Call me carazzzy to work 32 hours in two days... I say ppl just don't know what it means to actually work
I love those days when you, find money in your pocket
back from "vacation!"
yes, I've been printing duplex for all the articles.
You can now find Envy Protege Designs on FaceBook <3
Marco Estrada is like a nice serviceable skank but nothing you want to bring home to Mom. Cant expect much.
Rebel America Inc. lands music license deal for "CBS Sports" today. A very good start to another music working week.
Nice! How do I get that designation?
that's mean. I'm do fucking mad and annoyed. I'm going to my friend's house
Wow, the new 2 has a ton of cool stuff built-in that I was messing around with by hand / plugin before! Sweet.
"Money is like manure. It's not worth a thing unless it's spread about, encouraging young things to grow." (fuller dialogue quote from H.D.)
Thank you for sharing about my company's QA job openings for CF Devs!
ok I'm off this weekend so let me know what your schedule looks like.
NO, JIMMY PROTESTED!!
Bitches Tryna Shoot Meet With Potatoes..!
I completely agree.
Wow! Its almost 5am. This is what happens when take nyquil and you nap all day. Gnight(mornin) folks!
Spear and Mission, 11:45-2pm. A little drizzle don't make these pies fizzle.
Damn right. I frigging hilarious. RT : your pal is a joke. not reading ur posts for next 90 days. u suck
you were jealous of his originality. Admit it.
and last year’s leaves are smoke in every lane
UWP rally still going. Not sleeping for a bit, looks like, because audio is loud. In other news, I spoke to Alice! She's already bigger.
If I spell a word wrong... 10 times out of 9 I did it on purpose.. I have an Iphone and a MacBook, they both have auto correct...
Lololol i love you
At the dentist! Ahh!
I dunno... can't I be a "custodian of things" *and* a "purveyor of concepts?" I like both.
I made it up. It actually wasn't my first idea. We were almost called Angry Red Stick, but thought it was too long
say it ain't so Miss Bee, say it ain't so.
Ok, who shoull win The Voice?
After a whole year, I finally got to see the ending of cinderella man that we never saw in american history last year
Campaign should seek anger management counseling, Will they junk-punch ?
We're here at We, The Pizza! Find us upstairs at the big table!
I get excited for every Steeler game :-)
Agnostic Front Plan 30 Years of NYHC Shows
There goes Adams, but Randle would make a lot of sense and would be a great pick at 60th overall.
I want to be at Game 5 so bad tonight...
Taste of Honey jams on the way into work. It's gonna be a good day.
I just found a half bag of cinnamon-spice flavored coffee still in the freezer. Oh happy day!
*fixes hair into webcam* LOLOLOLOL
It'd be cool if everyone could close their car windows. Sick baby raccoon in the backseat?
I just wanna go back to sleep.
My knee locks up sometimes and apparently it's because my knee cap gets caught on a muscle.
Thanks so much for the follow. Like your ws. Simple and to the point.
excited to see you today! It's gonna be a partayyy(;
Want to reach Louisville Moms? Send me a message, I can make it happen!
The last novel I read was The Help, a year ago. Before that, American Wife; before that, Oscar Wao. Oscar Wao was pre-Erin, forever ago.
Who do you miss?
Sounds like you and I need to have a dutch bros. and killing spree day soon.
"everybody just wanna play the wii, play the wii, play the wii..." // hoping is doing well :)
:::Attention::::attention:::ATTENTION:::Party @ #NOTTE w/ ,, & YOU #CollegeAPPRECIATION 💃🎓🎉🎈🎉
Ugh in the middle of an awesome volleyball game and my knee decides to give out. What I get for walking around bos in heels all wkend
=best band ever!!!
Iron your capes, heroes.
I say, thank goodness for facebook blocking the defriender app. Can't we have ANY privacy? I don't need to know when I've been rejected.
Congrats on your CCNA!
#OnlyIf loved me back
When your crush sits right behind you...
is there going to be lulu cycling gear soon? i have been aching for lulu shorts with cycling padding...
welp, craigslist is no longer a viable outlet for buying/selling tickets
Limited spots available for the 1st Build Day. We would love to bring 120 people but we just can't. So if you want to go sign up early.
Race to help as many people as possible & count them like sheep to show results & get more funding. Time to change
These WesternSky loans are hilarious. "$10,000 in your bank account by tomorrow".. Catch is, you end up paying back $62,000 over 7 years...
haha date night
#MissionAccomplished RT : #NowINoe RT": I wait for to get off the bus so she knows its real.
RT : Alota niggas ain't blessed with the oppertunity to be able to leave da city and leave that street life behind em
because its just one of those days
let's hit the studio make some music some money some history
APUSH assignment seems long....
Just had my first Korean Mill in K-Town with Hugh!!!
I am hoping that PROMETHEUS plays at the Bob Bullock, but they haven't confirmed it yet.
I love the smell of rain in the Spring
Think you know #MarchMadness? #Trivia Tuesday warm up! When was the last time that no #1 seeds made the Final Four?
you guys stay stuck on Diana's big banana smh yay dios mio
Amazed at the State GOP that over 800 delegates spoke for chance to go to Nat'l Convention in Tampa! People are not happy with Obama!
Yup RT INDESIGN IS A CRUEL MISTRESS
I like you, you like me, were single....am I missing something?
Hi! I wish we were coming to Chapel Hill! We'll be in Raleigh, tho.....
oh you know, pretty stellar. How you been???
wow, that's quite a lineup
knowing how I'll vote in November is a huge relief...now I can focus on something other than infotainment.
the more keys to type the better, keep on typing, who needs to swim anymore not mee. lmao how do i have friends
Haha. It does, doesn't it?
thanks for hosting a great launch event last nite!
You can do better than that
Trying out newest collaboration with Greenbush Brewery at City Provisions! Yum
Don't lag
I see Cherie Johnson has opened a restaurant in Houston. I may have to go check it out.
Our new FB page just got set up facebook.com/notomorrowartists we need friends! Well have a stop motion movie up tomorrow!
We need help in 3 key areas: planning, organizing, and fundraising. DM me if you have any suggestions.
Cool. Me too! Following lots of folks.. See you soon!
Pimping ain't dead Man you aint saying nothing !!
Took me longer just driving to school than it did to take my test.
the ways in which NSM is being used in relief efforts for Haiti amaze, intrigue and fascinate
On the bright side, it appears the rolling blackouts in Las Cruces are over for now, and the weather is warming up a tad.
We will be closed Thanksgiving Day & Friday Morning. We'll re-open Friday at 6pm.
OKC ADVANCE! BYE DALLAS!
I'll be in Fay this summer!!
Broadcast jobs - meet with over 40 recruiters from and more
We're stuck outside the fence, but we'll be rollin' deep with the all-star spirit! Let's go East!!
Had a fun time at my aunts cookout :)
ah that makes sounds like Erica. Well tell her she missed out on my massage!
Time to talk football with #Dolphins receiver Marlon Moore on the show.
EFF YOU INSOMNIA.
I really really really like that song:) <3
PBS; Lydia and Yan. Have fun and stay clear of the needle? And remember: my father never pulled out but he never apologized.
Relentless: an attitude or posture that is resolute, uncompromising, persistent, unyielding, constant, unstoppable and ruthless.
appreciate it breh ... I'ma do it for the town
Fantastic story today on deployed service members reading to their kids from miles away. Thank you from United Through Reading!
Sure thing, i'll resend this afternoon!
awesomeness!! I really like the single Happy Pills - need to give the whole album a listen.
My Kentucky Derby pick: Creative Cause. Will also be using Daddy Nose Best.
Love you work bro!!!
thunder last played Saturday, Spurs last played Monday....dang, talk about rest & good practices
right?? #sogood i cannot wait for the movie!! the trailer looks sick
how are things going for you?
Been off of twitter for a bit. Been working on the #RVA region homeless simulation for tomorrow participated last year
I think he's drunk.
has anyone ever tried #bubbletea with #soymilk? if so, how was it?
"Why am I waiting for tomorrow when Christ gave me today?"
Another long, incredible Friday night with , , , and of course,
Enjoyed lunch at Wild Ginger with the Fire Chief. Good conversation about the Fire Department.
so is life my brother, we have to come up with a list of reasons to be successful, those reasons will become our motivation.
thank you you also.. : )
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll feel better!
My lil sis starts high school this....So Cute
as if you don't know the noise of a boiler exploding
Nice upgrade on the phone buddy!
Hahaha RT ": Sorry I haven't met one #Playmate that can actually #DJ - stick to the pole ladies"
yes you are! you are stunning! (: <33 x
I got an iced white choc mocha anyway lol. I'm so selective with my frapp cravings :3
that sounds like a challenge! :-) Round 1: Angry Young Man - "He's proud of the scars and the battles he's lost..."
whoopensocker is just that, except the wonderful part.
shyt u saw me
~ Maybe you should do 1000 more! LOL.
and , Happy April Fools! Try not to get pranked (;
Jen....I want to apologize for upsetting you. I dont like that your mad at me. Im sorry. Upset bad friend
Convicted former SDPD cop Anthony Arevalos will be sentenced at 9 a.m. in dept. 37 of the HOJ.
Yup. RT turn on rose or durant RT : when Lebron wins one what are all these people going to do with their lives?
a good way to look at it. Being smashed by 30 is obviously da same as losing by 3. Must not teach math in the bluegrass state
Thank you for the new follow!
RT : Met a wonderful Amish woman today. Visited a farm. Made beautiful quilts. Gardens bursting. Gave me fresh mint. It's...
steady doing tht huh ?
damn....im not even watching cuz my boys dun made it thru the first round of games 4-0!!!!
hello follow me please ;) bye
My twitter app keeps force closing on me :/ so to those who followed me or r going 2, I promise I will follow back, but mayb not right away
Everybody getting they're panties in a bunch instead of thinking logically about the whole situation.....
Good Morning!! :-)
Sad ending to a great game played by the Badgers.
im just irritated af !
That's all kinds of f'ed up
Please go send your love to - he's not feeling up to par today!
Please 4 more followers!
Kk games over goin to sleep now night!! Hit my cell ✌
": Just got finished seeing Safe House.It was a good movie. btw, Tobin Frost aka Denzel died at the end of the movie" «lol that guy
Next time I'm in that area I totally will!!!!
Lettin' it all out for my
We're happy we can do it! Thanks for supporting.
... somehow that link wasn't what I was expecting. :)
wow lucky you 😖
Panda express>>>
RT : SAG + AFTRA Merger. VOTE YES because it's the ONLY option for the FUTURE.... --> Agreed!
Any #screenwriters and #filmmakers in #Philadelphia bored like i am and want to create something for fun?!?!?
win a FREE spray tan from Bronze Sunless Tanning! DM us 2day!! happy monday
those moments when i feel so important to you and like i mean everything <3
- hookah is enjoyed in bed watching
“: It breaks my heart to see go home tonight. Do you think this was the right choice? #FashionStar”yes
you're not missing much. apparently forgot to deliver server capacity too. . . infuriating.
Did you know: The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds... Beat that!
check out my recipes blog salsa-in-mykitchen.com
I've got my editor working on it--will send when ready. Thanks for participating in Touring Ohio!
Ima be successful or die tryen I got to be I got 2 cuz I can't live pay check to pay check
Your PreMed? Thats cool...What are you trying to major?
@ 500k kids in Haiti can't go back to school. Join me & and donate RT
Ha, yes!
me too! In fact, I'm the row behind you.
lockout better not dragout
#HappyInternationalWomensDay! Celebrate peace and equality for the women in your life with love and light,
QPR I pissed at you and Man City u r unbelievable u just gave championship away and they r playing only 10 men
Seriously, I'm 32 years old and still don't own a jet turbine engine. There is no excuse, this must be remediated.
What is going on in Motown?! #Blackhawks have 2 goals straight out of the gate? Let's go !
How do I submit my booking info, find me at www.GlennGary.com - let me know if you need bio
Thanks 4 coming! RT : Ditto RT : Had great time tonight w/ & @ the party
So whats good twitter world
Darren Collison went and had himself a ballgame tonight. Great to see. Some fans clearly buried him way too early.
these UNKNOWN numbers texting my phone!
how are you raping one final in two different directions?
Testing out two new cameras today. One, a newly modified Ultra 16 Scoopic and the other, a Scoopic with Crystal Sync. My kind of fun!
Illinois/Chicago - will be inside you on April 7th.
Had Kaydons Tball pratice today.. He is insanely good! Made some cookies and recovered from a nasty headache.. Texting my favorite guy!
If I'm able to touch one person every single day, I'll be happy!!
Thanks for the follow, Sally. Nicely eclectic tweets. Best - B
Ok so if you don't have the CF7 lic, then your only choice is It's not a technical problem so I can't help further.
because your bio said to inquire
Do my eyes deceive me? You can actually buy a now!? I must have one!
That shit was too funny.
Sorry to hear that. Care to share more info?
we don't like being Molly-less. How long must we endure?
Holy crap I just submitted a request for a major departmental / strategic shift and my director didn't even question it.
CVRC members may stay on, if they wish, as part of an informal, volunteer advisory group to the city manager on redevelopment/westside.
"Ladylicious" I love it! Thanks for the congrats. RT : congrats on your award ladylicious!!
Can it be Monday the 18th tomorrow? I'd love to just skip this whole entire week.
Thanks for the support! RT : Follow ! Best local ale!
Love. Thanks 4 the morn love:)
Five Spice Powder: Used in Chinese cooking, 5 ground spices - cinnamon, cloves, fennel seed, star anise & szechuan pprcrn.
My cat is 18 today. He looks like Garfield.
Bucks show life with Miller at QB, yet OSU goes back to Bauserman... This is why Fickell is a one and done coach
To Do List? Yeah, haven't done that. BUT I'm back on the horse w/ #TheMovieLovers blog. Cross your fingers, tweeps.
i'm pretty sure Is a guy..you said follow her
Facebook pays $1B for Instagram. Value based entirely on what cash Zuckerberg had in his car's cupholder at the time.
We are almost thru 2012.....the end is near
#StupidStereotypes All marijuana smokers are lazy and stupid. If you believe that, you were already lazy and stupid before you smoked weed.
welcome back! If you find some downtime and looking for a new jam. Check out our demo "Carnival" on facebook!
#Imagine you're crying in your room. Then Zayn walks in. He says nothing. He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public
something short - what about like #PMAPropTup or #TUpPPMA ?
lol im so bad if ita goin to be longer than 10 min I start to get anxious & ready to goo lol
Word up hov RT : Bigger reason to be upset this weekend duke getting duked or dwight Howards indescision 2012??
thanks! Took 6 of us to finish it. Now: sugar coma.
Follow my personal account: with a Z!
free weekend to get this script finished!
WOW. I just checked Wikipedia, and it says 19k total students go to the school. However, another 60k take classes online.
I can check..
I ordered 4 pairs of black flats from Zappos with the intention of sending 3 back. You would think one pair would fit. You would be wrong.
For the 1st time I am using flickr to upload my videos. It's pretty cool! Have you used flickr for video before? I'd love to hear about it
No U.S. access to Afghan killing sites
Good Morning!!!
YEAH!!!! RT : RT : Watch the voice tonight! You never know who might perform...
Whoever took my jacket in Cafe Select the other night, enjoy it, wear a big scarf cuz the collar is loose, develop a little aneurism & die.
I'm going I say Andy haha
Baines is whimpering and pacing restlessly. Either Timmy is in the well or it's about to storm like whoa.
wow thank you! i'll take that as a compliment ;)
Do front like you don't like feeling good. Change the color on your mood ring. You deserve to be happy.
Don't ever doubt The Coen Brothers
You know #thatawkwardperson who has to tell you their life story just because they sat next to you.. Even when you use the "shut up" mmhmms?
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join (part time) my startup (as a cofounder) email is
To be conscious that You are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge - Benjamin Disraeli
Happy Birthday to FDDS Director !! :)
Enjoy Dana Point and the conference ... good catching up today. 1.5 hour drive back; well played dinner decision
I had to leave early, I'm feeling sick :(
Long: "winning teams have high expectations of one another, they practice to perfection and have enormous confidence"
Gov dont let the people down you have a chance to create jobs and bring oppotunity to az sign hb2127 dont pigeon hole it again
Okay, I think me&kelsey just about died laughing at Niall's expression... Sydney:" Teeheehehe Niall! Omg!" him: O.o
Future of museum's bright if we remember it's about the message, not the medium. Hence this tweet- in- ink, on paper.
atleast there are still the New Teen Titans shorts comin :) on CN
I focus on NC politics
Admit it, we all feel cool when we walk around the mall with tons of shopping bags in our arms.
Makin slaps at the crib...! My beats BANG!!!
#UglyPeopleExcuses. "Noo, I Broke up with him, He didn't break up with me!"
"I am a victim of Jim's embellishments." Embellishments are the story. Let's be victims.
I just want to go home and cuddle with my cat.
not really a sneakerheads kinda kicks but... RT : like... wallabies, sperries, vans, and polos?
Inevitable projectile hurling scenes...
John Kerry, unusually pithy: "No supercommittee can succeed with Grover Norquist as its 13th member."
History has repeatedly demonstrated that new companies and entrepreneurship are the way to bolster a flagging economy.
RT : I want the US housing industry to offer highly efficient energy-wise houses as is built in Sweden. Plz RT
some vimeos don't work on ipads and iphones, but if you get to a laptop or desktop you should be fine.
Sitten in indus tech with hannah:D
they never like the parts of the Bible that apply to them
Yo I'm trying to get to the shoot! Where's the location??
's 1st session with her CA miracle Dr. went incredibly well. Updates on her recovery and return to NBB performances soon
Big day tomorrow.
There's always love to show Muahz sista
akjshflksdajfh :'D we should see if he remembers(;
Seeing The Avengers at noon at Cinerama with and probably others. Do join us!
Fight for your Right was awesome. Different but great. When crowd chimes in "We're the Beastie Boys"
Now back to my tumblr and thinking bout #oomf lips lol
been there...ridiculous! aww... look at the baby faced new pic. Cute.
mashup with GD&TOP. You already know I'm hype for that lmao XD
? if something like that where 2 happen 2 me I'd tell U even if I myself knew that I did nothing wrong & it wasn't a big deal
what up! love the blog, have been wanting to go the pig roast.
thanks so much for the follow & the support, we plan on doing some giveaways so tell your friends!
r u headed back this way yet
I am excited to see #J.Edgar tomorrow. Too cold to walk to the theater?
Better half laments lack of space after acquisition of the plum drums, but is enjoying the cushy drum throne for his horn pursuits.
who is the most annoying person in the wwe
Ha! MT : Lady at store asked me, "what does (#) mean when my son types on FB?" She shows me: "#MyMomIsWhack" Me: "Oh, nothing."
welcome back, can't wait to see you back on the ice!
Good luck with the booksigning, Mel. Take care of yourself. Regards, Maya
radio... Enough said
Really? You'd eat a foot-long breakfast sandwich? Doesn't that seem ... excessive?
If you guys want to be followed by justin, this is your chance! hes creeping on her account right now --- follow her hurry.
Great experience today at big cat rescue in Tampa
I think the Catholic Church is more than just a bit afraid that it's employees might actually want birth control.
Join the BBG crew and at the Astro Lounge in Bend tonight for a beer after a hard day of gettin' your learn on
I'm sad to admit that I've been watching the #jerzathon all day haha. <3
Of course the day I attempt bike riding in a skirt is the day the winds are like, 35mph.
Wanted to pick your brain about angel investors, when could we chat?
thanks for the #ff love for super stores. nice to see you on twitter!
How many people can say that they celebrated their 75th birthday with a national tour? #SinatraCan!
pretty sure the only good thing about today was finding my glove.
Alien 1: "Did the humans get our message?" Alien 2: "Yeah, but they named it dubstep and dance to it"
hell of a show!!! if you missed the show tonight you ah nobody!!!! Much love !!!! Shout out to !!!
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were. ;-)
nice. u end up snagging it?
you're welcome 😊
your really cute and I love your channel!<3
cannot wait so spend 2-3 w/ my babe.. first time camping!
what made you think about that ???
I might visit tunisia and u ?but what grade are u in?
RT : Have you ever seen an illegal dump in the woods and not known what to do? Become a Citizen Watch volunteer...
thanks for the shout out, you are quite the busy girl. Hope you are doing great
ah,sorry, hadn't been on for ages--we have 5.0 for now. They want Word-like track changes.
y is that a good thing ?
I need 2 finish icing my leg...damn near tore somethin da other day
So cum then lol RT : Ugh my woody wount go down and I'm too lazy to go pee!!!!!!! >.<
Oh trust me, you really don't, I live in florida....ITS A LIVING HELL IN FLORIDA!!!!!
Let me know
den holla bk so i can get dat boredsome out of u
lol silly rabbit you can't win
I should mention he's 6....not like 15 or something lol
Good Morning, stop in today for Thankful Thursdays! Donate for one edible,($10max) and receive another of equal or lesser value for free. :)
Who is this dude putting the flag around #blago? Did he just call him Senator?
i was wondering the same thing hahaha
I want a 70FO shirt. Where are people getting these?
hard to believe it's been that many years! I was there for the first opening day!
thanks, love! It was very nice. 😘
The first closed circuit automobile race held at Narragansett Park, Rhode Island, in September 1896.
haha! Fucking right you guys do- also..I heard your nemesis Corn man just moved here- any chance 4 an epic battle when u arrive?
Lets Go Bruins!!!!!
#SherlockPBS now! RT : Hounds of Baskerville on Sherlock right now! So good! Tune in.
So funny how trends happen. In the last few years, #cupcakes have been all the rage. Now all of a sudden, #froyo is where it's at. Next?
Kobe time
just remembered i have some sushi in the fridge #winning!!!
my picture editor is on a slow train thru the redwood forest, come on girl wake up, post post post em if you gottem please :)
(check mark)R
That's what you call a shower flow #lt *cough cough*
Smdh, some people just don't understand.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle RT
"I am a boy!!! You are not in prison anymore, Damon!!! This is not how we do it!" Money Mike from the movie, "Friday After Next".
Truth. RT writes the best art tweets.
How many times have you typed "l'm okay" while crying?
: draw me up one better or shut up!
Talk to me if ur up :)
#Revenge is off the hook! She kicked his ass! So glad it's back!!
Wishing u the best Pray that u are blessed and much success no stress and lots of happiness
Where are you?
We miss you...stop by next time you're in town!
AVR is getting it together! Soon we will have shirts to sell so anyone interested should give us a shout and we'll be happy to sell you one.
listened to the full song #turntoyou it's beyond amazing such strong words #muchlove♥
There are so many kind an generous people in this community. I am so unbeleivably grateful to DC Theatre Scene for it's support over the p…
ik and i would totally scream in fear. And excitement. my grandpa thinks i have ADHD.
I can't wait for your book #ACCELERATED to come out! I've always believed in the over-medication of Americans.. but kids too?
I'm the bitch people go to when they got ashy skin. I can start a business. I would make that money. People are thirsty for some lotion.
No not Matt
Just finished 3 beautiful women done with complete makeup in less than 40min for Clinton Kelly's Makeover Segment on The Chew!!!
'ello loves, we are playing at the hidden castle in norman this sun 12/12 around 7:30pm for a film showing..we play in the movie and...
Lies, I call it
(statutory designation of utility as “public utility” insufficient to make utility a state actor)
Gmail promises, "Coming soon: Better ads in " Wouldn't the best ads be no ads?
Whelp... this sucks
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1685 composer Johann Sebastian Bach was born.
If u need a break from it all turn on the Twilight Zone marathon on Sci-Fi.
If your truly inlove with a person noone can change.....#randomthought -ImaPrettyThuq)
Golfers get out & walk! Good for u & ur game! Strength & endurance!
quit tweeting and get to work! :)
Is getting a patio, or an addition?
I simply do not have enough middle fingers to show you how I truly feel.
Need to charge my phone
What said--thank you so much for reading and sharing today's guest post!
e.g., Using scene change detection/2 approaches to structuring grade/Stereoscopic workflows/Loading & conform mat
i wish i could listen to some trojan football
follow please!!! I really need it!!!! Come on!!!! Just one click.
RT tweakerrsamm: i wonder what life would be like without . ohmygeesshh, horridd and no humorr :|
maybe introduce an dprovide time for PLC?
RT : I considered a #mnmaps Rickroll but didn't want death threats, so I'll just send this link from OR leg:...
He just made a million dollar sale by discounting it 50%. Someone get this guy a promotion!
I haven't seen in years either!!!!!
Thanks to you too! If you or need anything at all, don't hesitate to let us know: it's what we're here for.
Bring sick < Going back to sleep. Hopefully the doctors later.
New to L&F Sentences: “He was a pitchfork, she was a torch, and together they drove the witches to a bus station to get them back to Salem.”
My Mind Is Always Brainstorming
Announcement #1: The first four languages in the "Love in Any Language" series will be: English, French, Romanian, & Finnish!
Lol! Same here! You probably dont want to no what mine are about ;D
not charmed by failure or failure's cliches
can you believe we leave for London tomorrow?! (:
Going into work and cleaning up after the weekend. It's such a mess and people do not know how to put things back where they go
I Heard That The Guy I Like Is Still In Love With His Ex And I Dont Wanna Get In Their Way So Im Moving On Cuz I Got Better People To Meet:P
Today so gloomy. I don't remember rain in the forecast
You cannot solve a problem from the same consciousness that created it. You must learn to see the world anew. Einstein #TDL"
Delish! I'm glad you enjoyed it.
#superartfight pop and lock Super Mario Bros.
Totally bummed about MCA. RIP.
#Cleaning day! And making yummy food for the #superbowl tomorrow! Anyone else making anything good?
Happy birthday brian! (:
What do u call a chick with one leg? Eileen!
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected
RIP Moose Skowron
Creates no jobs. 1.1m/job is from Cantor's own website! RT : Wld u spend $1.1 mil to create 1 job? 's bill does.
ok ok n miss u too sis
Also, big thanks to our #Nicktastic assistants, and Morgan.
Does it really make sense to collect toll bills by voluntary phone calls?
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
I'm dooing great thanks for asking! Just getting ready too start the day. How about yourself?
Thanks for the follow and love your passion!
U Check It Out
I wonder why we react to them differently than butterflies.
Don't worry, it's a sponsored link.. nobody actually cares.
OH on Roosevelt Island "The Space Shuttle must be strong. That's a big plane it is dragging underneath"
Nothing like explaining #weightwatchers #pointplus program to my dentist and his assistant AS Im getting my teeth cleaned lol
That's good to hear. When's the big day for the op?
When Steinbeck’s "The Grapes of Wrath" was published in 1939 it was burned in Kern County, CA, where the story took place.
Officers working a stand off in the 2100 block of Lawry. PIO Coon is en-route to that location and will provide further shortly.
Happy Monday people!!
hello justin but often
If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having. ~Henry Miller
GWallace was my favorite blazer!! Season tix next year? I think not.. Looks like 3 more years of rebuilding.. Awesome!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms, mommies, mothers and mother effers out there!
Alice Cooper was spotted hanging out at the bar at Merriman's Kapalua on Maui.
Tweet this: FTW!
We can have a front row seat to a big full moon..
*bowes head* ...prays
stupid twitter wont follow back anyone what is wrong with this shiiittt.???!
Sharing Public Breakdowns: What We Can Learn From Jason Russell / Via / cc
best game ever.
Have fun! send pictures!
or the outcast.
Today is the day Marquette and IU both move on to the Sweet 16! Bring on tip off!
I say you can't judge a book by its cover.
I'm trying to convince a non-geek group to use Adobe Connect. Do you know of a Connect recording that wow'd you & recorded the webcam? Thx!
good go see wsp wit her
Now watching #womeninblack!!! #mood:scared
My favorite artist of the week
How can you be my best friend and not be there for me when I need it, call me names behind my back, and get mad every five minutes?
Anytime!!!Doing great Thanks:)
No problem.
Knock KnockWho's there !Borg !Borg who ?Borg standard !
More kids sick in Clackamas County because of drinking raw milk from Foundation Farm in Wilsonville
The world would be a better place I everyone sat down when they pissed. Or at least lifted the god damn seat
Black-Eyed Susan Picture Book Presentation at 9:00 am in Room 347. We'll be sharing next year's nominees and suggested activities.
lovin life in south end!
Oklahoma City goal.
TODAY MARKS OUR 48TH ANNIVERSARY IN BUSINESS!
finally made it in to work. Feeling alot better now that I got some food in me. Today is going to be a good day!
Honda Pirate
Fraud; Federal authorities are seeking to build insider-trading cases against roughly 120 individuals. Greed is not good!
Wow, you are quite wet. Still no rain out here!
Used to be I'd think someone's crazy then notice they have a Bluetooth. Today I thought a guy was a Bluetooth person then noticed he's crazy
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3*-*
People always assume my opinion on gay marriage is harsh.....Am i that anal about it?
hey hey! Loving it! Hot everyday, great food what more could I want! You keeping busy? :)
Thank you very mcuhhh
I think I succeeded in providing enough exercise for my dogs today. I was just outside with them & they all just stood around!
Good dialogue happening around improving the quality of public education. More parent involvement in kids school is a key finding
I seriously don't know how or why this semester went by SO speedy ... Can't believe there's only 3 more weeks left
Good for you, Happy new year, looking forward see you in actions
LOL! RT Overheard at This is It: "Whatever happened to that other bartender?" "Oh, nothing, he just went to prison."
hello facebook how u doing
You can kiss my Oh My Gah!! hahaha love you Karmin!
Have to pick up Root Killer at the hardware store on my way home. Yeah for clay pipes.
#DOJ has a publicly available memo (Filips memo) that sets forth very helpful standards for compliance programs
Watching the formation of a multi-dimensional "ideas" landscape on my macbook is really what Friday nights are all about
Believe in life! Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader and fuller life.
ughh..i know! its like theres no need to hate on him..keep your comments to yourself! If my dad would just watch nsn (c)
Wow, Blown away! That was a while ago!
just in general I'm always tyrn to be all happy an nice to ppl that don't do ish for me
Check our website infinitymenu.com to find your answer
Hey, Daddy'O!
Ugh, hate you mom -__-
Also: "I would have to look that up on the internet. Are you online right now?"
The storm is headed our way too. Time to charge up and turn off my electronics! Stay safe.
they will easily make it. Thanks to Pardhu baava!!
you got me nigga... I thought you were my boy
We got in! Good to see you. Safe travels! RT : I'm gonna get my boy and raise some hell tho at some point this wknd…
Should do a time lapse on this conversion Brad. Would be very cool.
#wewontwork if you feel 30 seconds is too long to wait for a text back
I refuse to teach Musiq Soulchild how to love.
Is it me or do the names of #IPL teams sound a lot like cigarette brands?
Merry Christmas Everybody hope everybody has a Great and Blessed Day God bless!!
rag on Calipari but he gets the most out of the most talented players. and he's not afraid to freeze out talented players who won't listen.
I'm thinking it's a carbonara kind of night.
If ya guys loved our song "Ron Ron Back" it'll be available for free download tomorrow before the game..
ohh mkaaay , ah well good luck finishing , I'm on page 9 :(
It just hasn't hit me hard enough that its been over a year
The Daytona is a classic! Great choice.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps
yes, but I told you'd I'd come even if the bouncers tried to keep me away. :)
BlackBerry Bold 9780 Now Available from T-Mobile USA
Wanted u bad
Anyone know of extended work on Griffith Jones and the Welsh circulating schools? Only found couple tidbits...
ASPCA: Bronx Woman Arrested For Neglecting, Starving Seventh-Month-Old Pit Bulls
!!!!! RT : It's depressing falling off w| someone that gave u good head
L E A R N I N G = Loving, Evolving, Adapting, Respect, Negotiation, Indulgent, Nurturing, Giving.
thanks for following
I have missed you so MUCH!! OH my god!!
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE
what happened?
Science does not know its debt to imagination.
The ground of justification is the blood of Jesus Christ. He paid fr this righteousness given 2 us (Rom. 3:24; Heb. 9:22).
Thanks for the warm welcoming ladies. I fear another technological addiction is on the horizon.
stiff collar? stiff upper lip?
Freeze it. Fry it. All good.RT : So this is what happens when u leave your computer where your 1 year old can reach it
Nice. You fly, I'll buy.
such a great meal last night that I had dreams about the fried oysters and Mac n' cheese!
ZOOMER-THINK TANK: "Athiests never succeed at anythin because they don't have faith in themselves."
That sad moment when you wake up to go to school and there is STILL no one home.
Ha idk I just feel like singing all day
I wish you a goodnight sleep!! Que sueñes con los angelitos!
Is 75 mph tweeting still frowned upon if cruise control is set?
Fuckin a ever since I got this surgery I keep waking up with fat head aches it's getting hella annoying
to conclude: #clickerTraining is more about understanding the mind of a dog than it is forcing them to act a certain way.
In Somalia you are consider an adult at 13...If you could get married and have kids your and adult...Fascinating.
will do. Thank you again
Nice dude!....way to represent the N'hood
wat does it mean
Dentist office wasn't all tht bad -.- wahhhh. Now gettinqq food. Yeah buddy ^.^
That's awesome! I have heard so many good things about Pinterest. I'm excited to join! By the way, thanks so much for the pin :)
There were moments of gold and flashes of light.
this is the soundtrack to my life.
no I'm not! & all girls are pretty :) I hate when they think they're not :/
Reading Doris Lessing's "Briefing for a Descent Into Hell", an experimental firestorm of imagination and spirit. Great stuff!
You too Zenita!!
No , but like seriously , I need a new gym partner.
going out later and making plans for later on, hopefully going to the show on September 25th. Music is life!!!
it's all fun and games til someone loses an I (eye) cause then our name is An.
I'm feelin myself. who wants to touch too?
Thanks! Reading is always so much more fun when begging is involved. :)
'i want your face painted in my heart and i told the painter that it can't be erased'
331 followers!!! thanks guys hope i get to 400 hundred soon
Fuck ya it does. :c
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Guys With Morals .
I could do this ALL night. Then we can do quotes. "I'm not a smart man, but I know what love is."
Ryann jus solved every single one of my problems tonight #props he is good for something you guys 👍😊
Just finished visiting with Thanks for having us! We look forward to hearing from you soon.
congrats ! You've won the $100 gift certificate to Ann Taylor/Loft
ah gotcha how long u been out there
My mom needs to burn that new Abercrombie shirt she bought me.
Map to Sweetwater River Trail - 7 mile out and back- beautiful- ready to run it again, want to go? www.usatf.org/routes/view.asp?rID=432834
can anybody say #wockaflockaflame got cold cocked by a cock blockin lame" 10 times fast? kid got 60 seconds of fame by catchin a beatdown!
Whenever I hear, "you know what I'm saying" it lets me know that the person saying it does NOT in fact know what THEY are saying.
The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once won’t do it again.
well where ever you live have a safe night and enjoy the newyears with your friends and familiy
Travis and goin' on a bro date to see The Five Year Engagement tonight. Will one of them get lucky? Wait and see!
S/0 to my new follower :)
I miss you love!
Go to www.redbirdstudio.com if your trying to get your face out there in acting.
Almost started to ask if you were *still* up but then I thought, of course. It's .
For my birthday on Wednesday, i really want to follow me! It would make my birthday pretty great!(:
sweet! looking out for the details!
Fuck fame fuck money fuck anything anyone can take from
CAN U PLZZZZ FOLLOW ME!!!♥
wish I was In Jersey!
Im not i wish i rele do will u plz come to St.Louis!!!! plz reply and do u like the animal hats?? plz reply and follow me plzz
Loved that touchdown
Yes. The cloud is visited daily in my company in several useful ways. How about your cloud use?
Thank you. Have a great weekend!
Very welcome.
Just had one of if not THE most amazing sandwich! The over the top meatloaf sandwich! So good!
Don't b sad at goodbyes. A farewell is necessary b4 u can meet again. & meeting again, after moments or lifetime, is certain 4 friends.
I bet a whole lot of homeless men on the NYC subway are real mad this Kony guy is getting all the attention
Did you know that pierre Beaumarchais, author of the Figaro play, was also a gun runner and spy during the American Revolution?
yeah I haven't.
Lovin that its still warm out at 10
Disgusting people. I swear.
what up?
Every form in reality is empty, and emptiness is the true form. 《禅》色即是空、空即是色
#FF Online Sister LOVE THEM <3
Lowe doing good job describing value of exposing linked open data. Needs for quality ontologies to represent complexity tho
whats going on with you superstar
lol wonder what happen to dem
“: The Beatles reminds me of you everytime.” you have no idea how freaking huge of a compliment that is.
I like Wade not Bosh specially NOT LEBron
In the ER and realized that what I thought was spilled fruit punch on the seat next to me, is most likely blood.
Did you wager on the Chicago Binkhawks today? Also, the Nuck-nucks have gone from 4-1 to 9-1 to win cup. What will odds be tomorrow?
RT In case you didn't know, my love is the REAL DEAL!
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad or chicken salad on a French baguette with lettuce & tomato....served with a cup of soup....$6.95
Ah pretty much getting ready for tomorrow!
People will take advantage of you if you dont speak up.
The earliest known legal text was written by Ur Nammu in 2100 B
i dont think so
lol I had 2 look at that again and saw those weren't the lyrics
oh lord!
RT NYU Holds Networked NY: A Conference For People Who Like NYC, Blogs, Wine And Cheese [and also & ]
Do you guys think the new Total Recall remake will have a prostitute with three boobies in it?
what u talkmN bout
thanks for the mention.
Huh, who knew 3 members of the Decemberist would be playing
i dont think its jenna, but she probably know who -A is...... i think its melissa
Really liked your introduction at pick 51. Watched you for yrs and you gave me and my family a great memory at Will's in CHI last yr
You better check yourself before you wreck yourself haha!!!
Mostly been neutral on Hilary Clinton, but I love this quote, "And it’s the trying that’s the most exciting part of the whole journey."
Is he trying out for the reprised Family Matters?
The thought of And friend ship being miles and hours apart makes me very sad!
damn girl.. did you really just go there?
Sadly I got the memo too late. Going need a rain jacket or umbrella for sure!
"All conversations should lead back to your website." - Fitts
We need to talk...because my staff and I can't find a decent NYE event. :-)
": Deadliest catch kills a lot of cameras every year. #NABshow #SuperSession" my favorite show!
Had a great time last night at Milwaukee Art Museum's 'Food and Froth' Event.
BREAKING: MJ Doc Conrad Murray sentenced to four years in prison.
was the BEST CONCERT EVER!!! #Come on, Come on...Get Your Goodtime On!
Happy Monday - Make the most of it!
Congrats to the #USMNT Big win in a friendly vs. Italy.
Ugh i'm a mess
I'll mention it to him. ;p if he's a good boy. Lol
HA!! WAY TO SMALL!!
Rob Hanna Defeats Brice Kellem via Ref Stoppage after the 2nd Round to retain the Rocktagon MMA East Coast Regional Lightweight Championship
I don't even do starbucks n been twice this week
I vote that we get the goon squad together and go to a pirates game!(:
I'm pretty sure is a Disney princess.. its weird
Nice work in Columbus. Good luck and have fun. Hope you get a chance to hit up Irving's Bagels this morning.
I'm for breakfast with the artists. just walked in
Just finished emailing access printing, , and about carrying Cavities Zine. Denver local goes national!
Good morning! Have you had a chance to look at the beautiful Rocky Mountains this morning, they are gorgeous!
im stuck in the house.. y not drink ?? lol
I bet Derrick Rose hates seeing that Adidas commercial come on tv.
I bet the Santorum family is covered in tattoos.
Thanks Dave!
go clean your pool 😉👍🏊
Yes, you know you can't just do one :) Must Improve.... What's next for you?
thank you for the #FridayReads shout out! I'll be seeing you this upcoming week, right?
7-6-5 leg day destroyed me. Try it out
aw imagine how fun bowling with would be
do u have VIP for the NYC concert!?
Is your biz "growing like gangbusters?" is a Chicago-based #Microsoft #Citrix #PaloAltoNetworks partner w/ custom solutions 4 u!
Boehner looks really stress out and he's lost some weight.
listening to an oral history interview I did a few years back.
Excited about this slumber party I'm about to have with my bed, pillows & blankies
Thanks for the follow! We've been waiting for this day. #We've made it!!!
Hi ROCKER
Ladies: Place your heart in the hands of God and he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
Here at Paint Valley HS where friends are giving up their shot at homecoming queen in memory of a classmate killed in Feb
We talked after, right? Sorry, didn't mean to give you a weird look. I get mistaken for other people a lot, so no worries.
You right, you right. I shooooooo can't.
It's SNOWING!! I am squealing like a little kid now that winter has finally arrived in NOVA.
i haven't been tweeting much lately. :o
words to live by: "you must short the pins to prevent the buffers from filling up"
I don't no why but I love watching mobster & gangster movies.
Someday the word METROPLEX will be proudly used....
Happy I don't work today.
Josh with his 2nd bleeder but he hit them soo hard last series, I will take it!
Hell Yeah!
if you would like me to write a blog post for using social stories/video self modeling to refer to let me know
Roflmao, Flight attendant I don't do well with serving the public
Live and let diet.
So pleased our leaders came together, across party lines, to avert economic catastrophe on THE key issue: the NFL lockout
hi alice.
I want Aaron to chop my throat but in a different way …
Missed hanging out wit her :)
I could TOTALLY go for a hot pocket right now! RT : hot pockets. They're good for thy soul.
#wssmiami "Systemize your business so someone else can come in and running." Jody Johnson
Congratulations to Bulls on another great win against Pacers!
YOU GOT THEM BANDS SO GO AHEAD..SHOP JUST FOR YOUR MAMA!!!!!..NOT YOU!...
I always thought Reggie Bush was a type of weed.....
At this point let's bring Flynn in and move Rodgers to running back.
what do you have
Someone tweet for me and tell them to unmute me... Thanks in advance
No, my friend... BAD.ASS.
The fact that my hair is curled today.. >>> me gustaaaa :)))
Finished both main stores in less than one hour. The
Photos: Alan Mayberry
ikr! She's an amazing role model. She's so sweet to everyone and has such a caring and loving heart. ♥♥♥♥♥
3 Do's and Don'ts for Writing Great Page Titles
Today is a loaded day in sports. NHL, NBA, MMA and the Kentucky Derby. Be sure to check out the feed for great sports talk!
u are the most Beautiful I ever seen
I'm a bit behind I know but s Unmaking of Israel is wonderfully written and hauntingly persuasive
folow me please
Holy crap this is scary, isnt it?
people are not real and the drama is irritating
no ads please on Twitter
I'm afraid to look....RT : Who will go out to my driveway and bring me my new in bed?
Louisville. Karaoke + ladies night = $1 wells #boulderbars plus my favorite wings anywhere.
Since y'all are coming up w the most ridiculous shit, happy mother's day to my dog's momma, thanks for giving birth to my best friend.
By da time i leave nap this summer Ima have a song with every local artist worthy wether its producin, writing, or spittin! BET
filling up in marengo.
30% off all wine at Vons?!
at Meadow Muffins rockin with the multi-talented - good crowd, 3 bday parties, sexy ladies, FREE COVER ages 21+
#Go Tribe home town fan 4 life
I love criminal minds
awe look at u
“Far better to live your own path imperfectly than to live another’s perfectly.” - Bhagavad Gita
Out to watch The Avengers with my & <3
so nice out! wearing just a t-shirt :)
You bet! Wetzel Brothers will be exhibiting!! Looking forward to it!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Best Wishes!!!
looks like itunes song previews are longer on phone than computer. Snazzy.
So tired of academics of urban violence that treat it as a 'thing' generated by the poor totally blinded of states' violent war on the poor!
.gotta do mah nails. hm, what color? [=
Hi Kelly!:]
#WhenImAlone and I hear a sound I lock myself in my room and listen to music for hours.
I agree with you on this one--Both fit in the 1%, however I really do not get the OWS protest anyway.
appreciate the follow !!!!
Playing road to glory on that NCAA...what's good twitter....
I can take off
TWEET ME .
Yes. I have Vimeo Pro. Great for hosting.
oh man I hope he does then!!
love the rhino getting some run. Underrated presence on the court. Keep up good work
Seemed even worse than normal
Oh todays Loyalty day?
I meant thx for the fave :)
We're chatting social media metrics & #ROI tomorrow at 2pm ET w/ SVP of digital Join the convo using
Rabbit, rabbit. Resolutions complete!
I can't believe this
Join Co-Author Gerald D. Rogers in Atlanta as we launch our "Take Back Your Life Tour" Health, Wealth and Happiness in box me for location!
you just can't beat M&S pants for comfort.
RT : RT : Chun: "Reality is a place to take pictures you can post on Facebook." "To be is to be updated."
watching Bring It On! ^.^
MT : Once upon time world learned news from AP. Today? 1st AP Urgent on #cabudget didnt cross for 30min, long after many tweets
Thnx for the drinks :-)
- The Fighter
Big day planned. Wandering around Paris, hoping to see as much as I can :)
sorry I'm hiding from people! ! !
Seriously, after the phone call I had to (attempt to) straighten it out, I half expected Jonathan Pryce to show up.
Is it just wishful thinking or is Gevony Soto about to come out in a hot streek
For everything, not specifically systems
Puppy Shower?!
I'm in Hodgkins today at The Quarry Spring Craft Show. Located at the Quarry Shopping Center, Lagrange and Joliet Rd. I'm here until 5pm!
Didn't realize we weren't following you! OF COURSE we will follow !
you're welcome!
the Bluebrain location aware album is called Violet Crown
My facebook timeline right now is blown up with prom pictures. I love creepin on them! :)
You are welcome! I try to tweet meaningful thoughts rather than just random chatter and BS nonsesnse.
Watching to see if they get 80. ": I have no desire to watch the OB except I kinda want to see how many WVU scores...u?"
I'm seriously the dumbest person in the world lol
New local music? Send me an e-mail at andrew at c-ville.com
busy. busy. busy
“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.” ― Bob Marley
Happy Friday !
Hey there do you want to meet for coffee tomorrow (tues) at 11 AM?
car wallpaper Devin Hester of the Chicago Bears is filling up gas in ...
Wow, What a Sidewalk SALE - 2 for $3 Readers Copies & so Much More!
Check us out on Fox45. Our next segment starts in about 10mins.
so long as #IU gets past #NMST, you can count on a #Kentucky rematch.
that movie made me cry and cry.
yow was cooling with teamloud
Thanks for the follow Rick! We're a Florida business helping entrepreneurs get funded!
Thank you very much :)
hey ken your sabes kicked some butt 2day congrats!
#shoutout to our new #followers:
Innovation is hard to define but this one is pretty good. RT : "Innovation is fresh thinking that creates value"
Why am I getting some more followers I didnt do anything?! But you dont have to stop followin me....
Let's go, let's go go! Let's go, let's go go GO!.
idk they haven't been in sense the 12th but they tweeted one of my friends the same thing idid
we will need you for a session soon my damie....great things to come!!!
#Butler joining the Atlantic 10 is a win-win right?
One month from today! New Carner and Gregor song cycle directed by our own Adam Fitzgerald. Casting to be announced soon!
question from jonathan...
Home. Exhausted. Portland was a great place for a conference.
that's very close to a food photo.
a pretty bad case of diarrhea, after which your cold will be completely ridden. Might be worth it.
I'm attempting to!
Wow these refs do suck haha glad they Spurs aren't playing this game
I don't care if that boy could lay golden eggs, no one owed him a ball.
Its crazy cause selling your brand into big box or dope boo-teq...who makes money in this biz, some people do phat...Have to get the outline
crap. I screwed up my "community" reference. I dock myself 400 nerd points.
hotels should consider installing whiteboards in the guest rooms. would make biz travelers like me quite happy (and more productive)
Puzzling over how to set rules for 18 year old who is bored by college.
I wish people would notice me when i notice them#
Where did I buy the tickets for this ride, and where do I get off at... I'm just saying.
Thanks for giving us a try. Enjoy the day!
try soundgarage..its free
"Leaders foster partnership by making sure their mouths match their moves." Chip R.Bell Managers as Mentors
you did so great!
don't know the song but very nice! i'll RT 4 u to let the fan club hear also.
extra long & extra expensive, since it's in 3d lol.
Oh I think that I saw before she looks familiar. I think that u introduced us a while ago. Hi
Dear Internet, please download my Op Ivy album faster. Thank you. PS: same with the Circle Jerks.
Can't even begin to think about how I'm going to pack for a two week business trip. Smh
There's NO such thing as respect these days. So sick of disrespect.
praying for you today. Excited that you are with I know God has great plans in store for you. Blessings!
Letter from America – Pre-emptive Strikes – the Kabilite Syndrome - 1 - Asian Tribune
I need a neww twitter name hm😏
is @ Skippers Smokehouse... With Cinnabun Bebop, Kruser, Cleffe, and Sprout. Spiritual rez is rockin it up!
checking out the monta show tonight in oakland. #fearthedeer !!!!!
Lots of front office movement will be happening in the #NBA so will be on to discuss with today at 5:30!
I was on a gig once, many many, many years ago, where the bandleader asked me to sing "Don't Worry About me"
Actually, much closer to 100,000 followers, upon double checking, than 90,000. Wowza, And not a cat video in the lot!
Reading a book
This makes me so angry RT : PA guy announces Noah is a no go-crowd cheers.
Back in Tennessee. What a great state. Go vols!
yep, but it was nice while it lasted! RT "Summer Weather-Sampler" brought to you by Mother Nature was delightful....
Chaka khan just burped on "Piers Morgan tonight."
Saturday is the regular season finale against Baylor. Who else is making the trip to DKR North this weekend?
When boys are bigger bitches than you<<
If I were not going to be in a meeting, I would be listening to and at 11EDT on I'm With Stupid
Morality is not solely the province of relition -- Dawkins
how is everyone doing today ?
Some people will stay in your heart, even if you are gone in theirs.
This AP test today<<<
I'm writing a super hero story in my english class, And guess who are the most awesome kick ass heros?! <3
Dance like THE WIND, Greeny. But, uh, just not like Golic's wind, okay?
Packing reading for a trip is definitely one of the times I consider e-media!
omg ... U didnt
Well i had higher expectations for tonight ..
Stuck in this Orlando morning traffic on I-4. I love it!!!!!
Thx! Worked really hard on this #movie :) working on release now. it's going to Cannes Film Market!
Great stuff...I love my publisher! So on top of the game!
In my laboratory, in front of the iMac and Axiom Pro. Getting it in...
I have a question..
What are the refs mob names ? This is clearly rigged. Now they have to call false fouls so it don't look obvious.
EWWW You have Cooties!!!
My roommate had that same idea years ago. If someone markets a Burrito Band Aid, I'm tearing the walls open for wiretaps.
are you on xbox now? i have your money(:
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout the whole cafeteria gets extremely quiet.
you are a picture of awesomeness Jennifer I really appreciate the support and follow come check out
South Sundays are prolly done. Thank you to all the ignorant asses.
My student is considering a (goddess) Nike tattoo after learning about Greek sculpture in my class. (Should I be flattered or disappointed?)
Hello #ROC we're coming to town today (and we'll be around for a week.) Looking forward to seeing friends and family
I really hope to see some of the hottest artist in VA on the 24th. I have done at this point all i can do 2 try 2 help make a dream come tru
I always get caught up in people talkin about how things used to be, even though I know its not gonna be like that again.
My day is wonderful.
I love my sons so much that I bought a tower for them. Something I said I would never do.
Great story tonight - some local students are packing their bags and heading to Alabama to help tornado victims! Watch it at 630pm on 10TV!
the whole team bro D-Fish eating to
haha, all kinds of yes to this ;)
5-hole... that is all.
check www.firmsolutionsltd.com & see how our solutions can help you improve efficiency, profitability & productivity.
Me, too!!! Look out NY, I am on the prowl for the best theatre to see it in ... Choices, choices!!
hates Friday afternoon traffic (don't worry, I'm not driving and twittering!)
The GOP should stand out of respect. I like how Obama called them out on signing the "no taxes" agreement.
So depressed. I just want to fucking LEAVE.
psoriasis & scabies. It also helps alleviate pain associated with cuts, burns & other skin irritations as it heals these problems.
Need to get on my shizznitz..
Is Yves ok?
Okay. I will when i get home!
I imagine it'll be like taking Rose Nylund to a game. Just have play "Dancing Queen" on the PA between innings!
I've been resisting FB so long! I don't want to join but if it helps my blog get some traffic I might have to. :(
I just flipped off a squirrel. Yeah, that's right. He had it coming.
Until you can be thankful for what you've already got, you won't be thankful no matter how much you get!
Made ur recipe for pancetta wrapped pork loin yesterday... Awesome!
It is on R site but I believe it is Cigar Chat
I wouldn’t have said so, but then I wouldn’t have thought she could do this. *Closing my eyes, running my hand through my hair*
well yah. Where else can people get free exercise classes aimed at seniors? (hint: no where) We do Gentle Yoga. People LOVE it.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Missing my peeps at #wssmiami :( have a great time fabulous ladies! And men too!
My bad Scoop! 😜 RT : Somebody smashed my Chicken Alfredo #PISSED!!!
I am hoping to bump into as many Twitter faces as I can
OK,I hope U got UR butt upstairs & stopped picking up strange girls. (Just kidding) Love U
When there are three former UK players that played tonight
Qwrap) Thanks all. Enjoyed my first daytime lrnchat. Gbye from Dallas!
man you can get it too haha
While waiting for the boss to appear on Garrison this AM, I heard an ad for 's Hamilton IMAX 16.
ah, the good life
RT : Flipboard's Josh Quitner: The iPhone app will be coming out *very* soon
r u going to apply 4 next season of big brother? They taking submissions now!I can see. u now telling housemates they r messy.
#Indians win!!! Santana!
God made the world, why did man make the scriptures? If he created Lennon why'd he go and make a Hitler?
Big thanks to our newest followers!
Me: "There's no such thing as princes and happily ever after." Jake: "too bad there's no such thing as poison apples"
They came to my client even before I could contact them LOL and yes they were from Brothers which is a Double Eagle extension
Hi Phil! Sorry but those are only available at the distillery! You will have to come see us! Shine responsibly!
I haven't used GAC. Sorry!
Alex Clare's "The Lateness of the Hour" features many Soul-ful mashers, including the hit "Too Close" (on an IE ad & other TV spots). Get it
Well hope you have a great day. Eveything is the same jajajaja.
go back to bed! I hate my 8ams
no problem, glad you enjoyed it! For sure, we'll definitely plan it soon.
Now or Never Lakers. This is it.
Okay I'm getting sleepy now. Chat with you guys later nite nite~BAMM.
No facebook - Blah
Some Mardi Gras well wishes being sent to our Fat Tuesday revelers! You'll need tea to get moving tomorrow morning!
haha lol yeah i figured if that can't get me a man then i must be a lost cause!
which offices?
TY for following! Following back.
Do you have a poker room? How many tables? Run tournaments? Thx!
buy new ones love u
Pretty Sure I graduated High school with his sister.
We'll be at the walk in Lehigh PA on Saturday. Come join us for some fun!
i don't like priority view. i usually keep my inbox under 10. my solution is just to mark them all read now. will handle them later.
Too late to pretend, you know me better than i know myself
Fact: People can't drive
Happy Earth Day!
A year from now you will wish you had started today.
Happy Gilmore accomplished that task no more than an hour ago.
Just spent some quality time on the new web site - pretty cool!
Flip. Sick.
Going to watch Hunger Games before midnight [;
Ariana go online! Haha I miss u! Hope u have fun in FL:] love u so much! Xoxox💗
ONE day until this HCCI gala production is over!
Sunbathing and reading all afternoon. I plan on coming home looking like an Aztec and at least 400 pages into my book.
Will you be stopping in Seattle on your way home?
I can taste ...it's right around the corner. And so is our FREE Shuttle to events on 5/9!
Watching Silent House with my BITCH aka MyTrick!
Get on the VIP list for the after party for no cover before 11:30pm.......Message us with name and number of guests
I'm excited for you today.
The what? What's EWGC?
CONGRATES I DO LUV BEING A MOMMY GREATEST THING IN LIFE HUGS TO U
got it. its great. you singing in it made it even better. you blended well. it was worth it. u done a great job with her.
Hey #DodgerFam are you following us on instagram? For great pics of your #Dodgers & favorite players. Please follow
Paintball – an inspiration for crime and violence — Paintball Blog
That "Breeze" just blew in.... Name it, Claim it... and grab a pen...!
Apparently sidewalk pooping is the new popular urban sport.
they kissed ? the hell.
#astd10. Look for me at the celebration. I will be the one in pants.
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week (Part 3):
She makes dirty words sound pretty. <3
Congrats!!! and thank goodness! I am having to pry them apart!!
Come check out the new Mystic HD at our Pacific Beach location! 2 free boosters with purchase of a mystic today!
Besides Miami, I might go with Boston.
10$ spray tan...look like an Oompaloompa
Mary Kate or Ashley?
get out the way Harden!!!
Enormous thanks to all our supporters today!!!!
dance competition in Memphis tomorrow. Ah I'm SO excited!!!!!!!!!
Glad you could join us!
The furthest travelers from the conference today are from England, Holland and Australia!
Q5.1? We have a policy card, written by our library board & we remove political/religious stuff and hand them a copy of the policy.
great First/Last, Hugh.
good morning.
#Sixers game day! Philly going to take a 2-1 lead tonight!!!!
Thanks for the mention!
thank you for following katie. what is 'yogini'? let me grab the dictionary! lol
Turn out to be the ones you know the least
Congrats Class of 2012! "Those who...hope in the Lord...will soar on wings like eagles" Is 40:31 Just don't trip on stage!
: Hey! How are you??? How's the book going??
>> RT : Today I will awesome all the things.
Zing! RT We should be doing "goal reporting" twice a year instead. Performance is for the bedroom. #investments are only part.
I chew Nicorrete gum for the buzz.
When do we realize that we have come of age? Is it when the people that we looked up to as kids begin to pass away?!
Second time I get a total of $6.66
I've been abusing With Ears To See & Eyes To Hear by SWS all day. I never even liked song til today O_O
Did you ever think you'd be getting interviewed on ESPN? You look great! Can't wait to see Money Ball. Congrats, guy.
yall are some robots
Sure I'm not the only one in this roomful of Americanists who was just enabled to calculate the size of F.O. Matthiessen's manhood
If it means alot to you
#Colbert wins, just wish he could have thrown in some slowpitch softball scores following the fantasy league update.
"I don't care if it's day. I don't care if it's night. I cannot care for anything that isn't a part of you." - J. Massenet, 'Werther,' Act I
thank god everything went god:D
That's good :] I'm great thanks, a little tired though xD
Early morning is never going to be my favorite time of day, but Earl Grey tea and a lovely omelette with caramelized onion definitely helps.
And...EXHALE.
I love you all.
yeah! I should
RT : Has anyone ever done a poster sale on your campus? Who did you use?
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom ever, I don't know what I would do without her!! I love you mommy.<3 (:
No sleep til Wednesday. No monkey tears. Double up on five hour energy, charge the banana and refill the magic flask. This is Mardi Gras.
in the past year, I've used an #Android, #Blackberry, and #iPhon, it took a while, but i've made my decision-- the winner is the iPhone 4S
we go on at 930 man!!
hbo miniseries! If I was a billionaire I'd fund it. Just gotta win the lotto
Wales, WI? Thats about 30 mins from Brookfield - I'm just trying to make friends to spread the word 4 my biz :) thxs Tammie
Torrey pines hike with Good morning San Diego!
oh ok a
So glad, , for the follow. Thank you!
I love when adult nerds review childrens movies as being bad. Seriously. That movie will be exactly what its trying to be.
of your dreams.
Had no idea Jay-Z said "pause" on "Never Change" back in 2001
You need a facebook page now too.
Loose cows.
i hate seeing all those little squares that are supposed to be picture-animations on the iphone
Thank you man! Absolutely will :-) " The Present Future is great work. Check out www.richarddavia if you can."
#ItGetsMeMadWhen bitches used to laugh at me in payless.. BITCH YOU SHOPPIN HERE TOO!
So tasty!
well...you see, I already ate some, and threw the rest away...
After years of my Dad's Seders, preparing to host my first. Ten goyim and me
Tweet tweet. What did you buy?
*Inhale, exhale* Repeat
they could connect with Christian rock band groups... other youth group members and other city youth groups
Rangers Hold Off Caps 2-1 in Game 7 It took memorable efforts and moments from their two most heralded players, but the Rangers withstood
It's like my laundry doesn't know it should fold itself
Hyper local, Main Street Connect & Patch filling in where print layoffs have left gaps
Player of The Game...
Oh my Total Elipse of the Heart ❤(: love this song <3 amazayn .
its all good bra my Shit gets fucked up all the time lol
Yeah! Lick all the gravy out and leave the food. Makes mom nuts! MOL!!!
I refuse to watch that again. Omg.
#VotegrahamBGT trended in less than 3 minutes. Directioners seriously own twitter..
AH! Please post a picture babe :D
“: Hello.. I am Model 371. On Earth they call me <3” I know ur more than what they can see! Love, Ur Scarlet Angel
Why cant i get my profile picture changed?? blahh
loll don't worry you'll get your chance you hav to be patient I had to wait almost 8 monthss
#ItHurtsWhen you read my #Tweets... I've been known to make people #LaughSoHard their
EyeO, and you might count SIGGRAPH too.
Lonely rainy night in New Orleans. :(
Whatever happens, take responsibility. ~ Tony Robbins
very true lolol
Thank you for the follow! Hope my info I share may be of benefit in many ways.
aight next time I will! Wasn't sure if it was u but now I know! See u got your lil poodle, Brook, on lock huh? Haha
Moving. Moving. Moving. Moving. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. Just keep thinking #biggerplace!!!
lmao really your gonna say 3 tits ??? O.o im very confused xD
What up GSTEEEEEEEEZERS
Done and done.
Soon. KJS and I were just talking about it. Will be in touch.
Right. Write... working. It's working right? Right.
DM back! :D
Waking up at 5am should be illegal.
this Thursday, I'll be performing at and eating the best food in town thanks to !! I can't wait! pool, gaming, go!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
that works :-) . What time ?
Sadfaces for both of us!
“ Seriously ... its tricking if u pay for dessert or an appetizer”lmao you so damn cheap
lmao when yall coming to the north
>>Welcome Jennifer! Have a great weekend..
RT : #ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a FEM Gay guy and a BUTCH Lesbian fall for each other! That equals a heterosexual attraction!
Where all the hoes at? That don't give a fuck where their clothes at
Macaveli's Exclusive Taurus B day Club Tour May 12 PARTY BUS,X DANCERS,PREM LIQUOR,CLUBS 5 SEATS..Left call to RSVP your seat 773 6406742
JOBS Act to Spur More Tech M&A - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Doin what I gotta do.
nice Mikey!!!
Arab Proverb~ Do not stand in a place of danger trusting in miracles.
followed ya
Look what you've done.
i think u just call the dogs
Hmm...I'm not seeing a problem. What sort of issue are you having?
Looking forward to it! RT : Coming to the workshop at #mla12 on Thursday? Introduce yourself on Twitter first!
thanks! And yah i did
Best Wishes. Your gonna do GREAT!!!
sop://broker.sopcast.com:3912/24267 copy and paste that in sop cast....hope that helps!!!!!
RT : haha yes, but rather not harm any animals in the making of my UFO. < of course not! it's a phony bear skin!
Thank you Jez, I appreciate the feedback!
He is!
STAY AWAY FROM MY MAN!!!
Jay, you need to wake up now. It's only a bad dream. Jay? Jay? Wake up Jay!
The #Flyers are basically containing the Malkin-Neal-Kunitz line. Another #Pens power play coming up.
GAAAH Sam and Charlize are way too cute. Sam just jumped on her.
Je t'aim.
is Syracuse still around?
"In the day of trouble he will keep me safe in his dwelling; he will hide me in the shelter of his tabernacle and set me high upon a rock."
The intro to Gimmie Shelter is awesome
Titanic 100th Anniversary: "Rose" and the Heart of the Ocean necklace based on real life events: via
bat your eyes girl, get that drink!
oh... that Monroe/Alexader one is going to get a lot of ppl. I drive that way to work. Damn.
Pork industry given chop by High Court decision
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? c:
Good morning, a little late getting up
you are so pretty!!!
awesome! I fell short.
wait aren't you from North Bergen ?
Chocolate chip cookies for all my losers
Say hello to SMI's Christian Lappe at
That would be lovely! My email is beth (at) fit2b (dot) us ... Let's continue the conversation there :)
do you know anything about yesterday's hatch act training? it didn't work for me. rescheduled?
Peanut butter and jelly homemade ice cream from HaVen. Wow. That was incredible.
Does anyone else hate the new google maps on iPhone as much as I do? It never loads right & the lines are too fat you can't see the traffic!
Thank you!
We want to thank + for joining us at our #twitterparty today!
RT : Love the earth? Love Milwaukee? Make it official and help celebrate Earth Day Milwaukee tomorrow from 11-1!...
Oh and yea I saw you watching boo you can NEVER be me {muah} <3
Thank you, Red Cross! RT : In support of those affected by the Navy Aircraft, the Red Cross has assisted 37 individuals...
Congrats to for securing a summer research assistant. Let's get her or him digging into digital data for you!
The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act
there are no mosquitos here :D
Will everyone stop being so freaking awesome so I could go home sober at least one night this week!
said heela good hood wings i had today
Read it
Looking to diet? Try a foot detox before you start www.mosthelpfulhour.com
Saw Hochata made with brown rice at the store the other day. Now we know u can use brn rice!
Lol!! Invite me over when he does. ;)
You fuck me like you was my girlfriend.
I'll trade ya.
Thankful For This Day ; God Will Make A Way🙏
Meditation Mode
Not true. You're stupid.RT : The fat girl sits alone while the thin girl is always surrounded by friends.
No problem, it happens. Anything good coming up on the right coast? I need an excuse to come get more crab cakes.
Excited to volunteer this afternoon
If it WASN'T SO PATHETIC, CNN's ATTACKS on ROMNEY's "bullying" would be enough to CRACK YOU UP.Can U say desperate
it removes the possibility of embarrassment. If they get rejected they can just pedal away...
oh we did ;-) we'll make it work next time.
I would like for someone to explain why I woke up at freakin' 4 oclock in the morning feeling just fine.
Non-profit will be a sponsor at Sunday's #TeenLifeLIVE NYC! Come by to check them out!
What happened at practice?
Mann I'm waiting on u today just let me kno when u coming out
Thanks! Woof! To you!
Hello Khorri, I have something you might be interested in writing a story for. When can we talk?
Over 48 Hours Ago called...they want their video back
Definitely not an ignorant tweet, no offense taken here, and I have the same questions as you.
hahaha so u didnt sing today
Oh the nonsense!
Fail!!! You replied to yourself lol 😜
#FeelBetterFriday to everyone with UC & Crohn's, especially my lovely nephew! Let's find a cure for these horrible diseases!
I seriously have the best friends, I'm so grateful
Step away from the oatmeal cookies! They are going to attack your a@&!
And it continues. I've got Lakers fans calling OKC soft. OKC being soft is maybe the most obscured thing I've ever heard
Not soon enough in our books!
aww thank you so much i'm glad you enjoyed it.
throw a Verizon sticker over the logo...
we can help with your website, social media, branding, mobile marketing, ANYTHING! have a website?
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Cameron Roberts ⁰Rising 8th ⁰North Charleton, SC ⁰Travel Team: Low Country Elite ⁰Small Forward 5’9
Softball game, then with my boy ♥
Since when did baltimore police have horses?
That's great! And Harry is a super cutie!
and you can't prove that anything happened so meh!
I'm so happy seeing tighthead on tap.
What is your best, random bit of advice for inbound marketers out there? Stop thinking your idea is bad, lame, or boring
"a lot of people think hovercrafts are cool, and they are." See what does with his team to respond to disasters.
Same to you brother!
true! are u still mad at ur mom 4 that? And aren't you wearing 3 Izods in that avi of yours?
...Yup! Its another 1 of "those" kinda nights
I'm a intern + Philly local. Would love to chat tonight at #foss4gna re: Philly geo and job ops! cc/
Me too! I know a great spot! No time and no partner when I have the time!
Check your bank accounts! Visa, MasterCard warn of 'massive' security breach, may involve more than 10 million cards.
well Hollande won the first round, pas de surprise.
Latin Gold Thursdays! QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque! Rio Grande & Mountain! Salsa y mas... 9pm-130am
I forgot to tweet this but happy birthday to my little brother :)
No whammies!
your parents ARE funny - you just don't get the joke yet. :)
New on Blu-ray/DVD combo: "Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood-The Sacred Star of Milos Movie" (4-24) New on DVD only: "Iron Man Anime" (4-24)
Looking to keep tabs on the UARS craft as it reenters Earth's atmosphere? Try following for positioning info and updates.
I had bacon (mainly just the fat), mashed potatoes, and ice cream for supper
Thanks for a great social media presentation (and for mentioning so I can learn from another cupcake fanatic!)
how can ppl say they dnt believe in love? WTF love aint no damn religion! smh
to work!
With the extinction of the Albertonectes, the chiropractic business was decimated for 65 million years
Don't know what to make of some of these #Cavs trade scenarios. Not sure what CG's fascination with Marvin Williams is.
just text me..
i mean come on u dont know what real humor is.
just realized i can call US phone #s for free by combining gizmo and google voice. no more expensive $0.02/min Skype calls for me.
Braylon Edwards to the Jets and Crabtree signing with 49ers? This will make some Fantasy Teams interesting...
I love dancing with you and your friends :) y'all get down better than my white girl friends.. Hahaha :)
yup.... lucky we live hawaii!
And i am done with my finals let christmas break BEGIN!!!!
Tuesday mornings are my favorite-I get to volunteer at Nathan Adelson Hospice AND watch my "Price is Right" for an hour!
no problem beautiful :D <3
Free Admission to The Domes today for Milwaukee County Residents. From 9am-Noon.
Jogger91: OK #englib ---- got the link, now I know, ignore my other tweet. Thx much!
EW WAIT, I just saw the Tupac hologram Coachella performance, SO CREEPY. and they're planning on making hologram technology public. wow.
Everyone come & shop with us here at Northstar Mall anyone that comes in today & follows us on here gets a DISCOUNT off anything ManagerDina
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<33333333
Hi Terri, have a good night
SURF: 2-3 ft + (Pacific Beach) knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS Offshore flow and mostly clean conditions this afternoon
There's not a lot of "round and round" to be had: Xerox is woefully underpaying its employees at that rate.
That's my Rice University! All Fela, all the time!
everyone who pre-ordered the limited edition prints and CDs: everything is in the mail!
All men do.
“Happy’s not an action; you just feel that way.” —Ambersunshower
ALSO GET READY MY MIX TAP IS COMING OUT SOON ;)
Iphone stolen last night at the gas station :-/
Client meetings all day.
(cont) That quote was from a review of Taylor Walsh's history of open education. Do you buy 's argument? #oer (cc: )
Club promoters have the easiest job in the world...they get paid to party
*waves* hi
SAT AFTERNOON/LUNCH @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS TILL 9PM, TONS OF FOOD SPECIALS ALL DAY INCLUDING TEMPUA SHRIMP TACOS!
I'm hungry.
that moment when you forget to send a message so it just stays on your phone XD!
I continue to be amazed by what is building. They're leapfrogging NFC payments in a big way.
awesome! Get ready to laugh!!
google chrome incognito window?!?!
Bethany Graduation soon!
I'm like a little kid I'm so dam picky about what food I eat
Ayo. Ray Allen > Philly.
I know:-( I'm on the wait list at the lapl...number 569 NO JOKE!!
ah lol did u sleep all day
Desperately trying to be productive
thinks bad boyfriends make great ex-boyfriends.
I'm on the side of liberty, if Alec Baldwins wants the freedom to do what he wants, when he wants it- he should switch sides.
tool for establishing visual direction - interface harmony - Style Tiles - styletil.es
Happy St. Paddy's Day!! Like this status if you're wearing green.
My sister said---I HATE Babies! I said back 2 her---Then Why Were U ONE!
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
the reason there's no such thing as a free lunch is the opportunity cost of the other things we could be doing with that time
which one is the place in benson ?
Staats was baptized in 1620 in Amsterdam.
I prayed about it and it's still heavy on my heart. Time to take further action.
Billy Crystal tweeted: “Am doing the Oscars so the young woman in the pharmacy will stop asking my name when I pick up my prescriptions."
Hi , was wondering if you'd like to chat about the situation in Egypt with Washington Post readers. DM me for more info.
We love your logo, looks great! :-)
Hope you choke on that delicious Donut your about to eat.
Have a taste of a classic McDonald's original Egg McMuffin and enjoy the simple things in life!
I will mention you in EVERY tweet now!
Keep tweets short so others can RT easily
Well, maybe impotent wasn't exactly the right word, but it was pretty close.
What does everyone think of the current season of ? What do you like and don't like? What would you change? @ reply comments
Crap it's 3AM. 0_o. *beauty sleep*
Happy Birthday Mother Monster , happy birthday to you,happy birthday to you,happy birthday lady gaga,happy birthday to you ♥♥
Can you get banned from over tweeting? lol.
I love cooking, but I am also very glad that I denoted Wednesday nights as "dinner out" night. was a welcome respite. :)
I'm a bitch, and I don't care.
I have to ask my Catholic friends to block your Twitter account :-)
thank you for the love, support and friendship!!! Simply beautiful inside and out!
Curry is a beast. Congrats to Mark Jackson on career win
One more week until the showdown in Indianapolis!
I really wanna oovoo but I dont know what to say D:
Ready money is ready medicine.
you can't spell Tim Hortons correctly, so you probably won't miss it that much.
whats good fam? thanks for the follow
I voted for Nicole Michelle. By the way Bre can you follow me babe this is Bobby Howard
Send along the details when you have them, we'll put in our enews!
You are a tremendous warrior and role model! Good luck with the next part of your life!
We're serving up lunch @ our normal spot on 24th & San Antonio & we're also posted up behind the University CO-OP @ the Google Punch'd event
Why argue when I Can just puff on this Dank?
I'm still dumbfounded by the illusions I saw at the Magic Castle last night. Nathan Gibson was ridiculously good.
The theme you picked is a winner :-) Super-clean and uses space well. Kudos!
pretty much done w/u friday. let's move along.
Please.Fire.Mike.Brown.
You had a chance to be a hero, in Jax poor choice going to NY
Forget Rogue and Deschutes. Cascade Barrel House in the SE. Hands down.
I read it. It has lots of problems.
I agree !
Btw, we've decided to wait on Sherlock 2 until it's out on Netflix Streaming so we can focus on Spooks for now :D
I canNOT thank you enough for that!
Pete to fact check, but I think I was at the first dinner in Boston? 2007? Cc
awesome. I'm flying to NYC Monday at 9am. I can do an 8am Pacific call. Is that too early?
the TITANIC its like 3 hours long!!!!!
Enjoyed working with #LPC (O) Exec Board in #Niagara yesterday. Looking fwd to working with South-west and Northern regions soon.
30 Wings and 5 lbs of spare ribs?! Impressive!
Come out to Dave& Buster's for our Monthly Networking event. we are having a Halloween Event Mention M.P.E.G. and parking is free
Putting in work with my teammates C
todays my birthday.... , , , please tweet me my bday will be 10 times better :)
What happened at Kelly Elementary school in Carlsbad on Friday?
There are no problems in life, just mountains & valleys on the road to success... Enjoy the ride or you'll miss the rewards.
Pumped about Tim Cook, Apple's CFO, speaking at my graduation!
thanks for the follow! xx
Testing out a new Twitter client. Very interesting.
Productive morning. Gym and then derby day!
trying to watch it but it's showing a error
On Skype wit my baby :*
Awwwh thank you (: You are to !
Glass of wine...
Just sat down to watch the game. See Clifford is in. Who was scratched?
Shout out to for the follow!
Vanderbilt Police are an actual police force that has jurisdiction all over the downtown area I believe.
I will always love You. You taught me how to love, but not how to stop
fear or love?It's like the difference between Psychology and Yoga-one is the study of suffering and one is the study of bliss.
Thanks for following us !
Move to my district! RT : No, but I can get you a date with Pelosi. MT Can you get me an Obamacare waiver?
I feel bad for #dondraeper! This is the worst birthday present ever!
Reach up for the Sunrise! It is my ringtone
- last day in the office this year!
Hey Ram. Good to see you on Twitter!
Welcome to twitter....about time you plied us with your musings.
black & white diamonds, fuck segregation !
So, is anyone looking for a roommate?
Hit me with a MENTION
hey, mind shouting us out?
Its funny how ppl who call themselves the hottest is barely lukewarm, and those who r the hottest never boast about it
I feel you, bro. I miss Rich. And I'm on the phone with her right now, she said he still is/:
Yes, you should learn German.
heyy austin just wanted to say dat ur amazinging.nd ill always be there for you:) till the end.
"Im sorry I broke one of your 'rules'."// "You pee'd in my sink, isnt that against everyones rules?!"
your lips taste like heaven, so why should i stop?
What warms you up on a day like today? It's hot tea & honey for me right now -Kristin Burns
Chiodos > D.R.U.G.S
its #friday :)
lmaooooooo Intern, when are you coming here? I see you gone have me dying laughing
My friends and I saw you @ sxsw a year or two ago, and we've been major fans since!
oh bummer! Sorry to hear this.
How did you "Do The Most Good" on Earth day?
I'm gonna go for Doug.
Eating some
Won't forget that experience. Thanks for giving a damn about equity in Portland. VIVA MARRIAGE EQUALITY!
RT: #Virgo can be very mean to lazy-ass people.
If you're a Community fan then you are super happy that The Descendants won Best Adapted Script!!! Which is a great script
Now that's what I call a dessert. Need you in LA. Pumpkin cheesecake panna cotta maple caramel, gingersnap
oú?! Come to my house and perform your entire album for me by the fire as I watch the snow.
um. I'm anonymous. but maybe you knew that. And I'm seeing huge bill boards and hulu commercials for this effort.
Thanks Fam much respect.
Hopefully worthy can be the guy to fill Cullen Jenkins' shoes
Hey , how do you usually use ? Do you compose content in the app and share to FB, 4SQ, and twitter from there?
sure :D
congrats to you both!
Pumped to meet up with Nick, Justin, and Molly to get down on some work!
you are such an inspiration to so many people :) never forget that!
Trying not to think about these papers till tomorrow. GONNA HAVE SOME FUN TONIGHT!
dear houston drivers, the 2 blondes in the blue yaris are okay. we may look like we're having seizures, but we're just dancing. to nsync. XO
Just hold me tight. Stay by my side. Let me be the one who calls you baby.
Happy fathers day to the dads out there
we gotta take you on a tour of Pittsburgh while you're here. You should hit up the Carnegie Museum...its near the venue.
Just finished homewrok. Also saw the convo with Kowalski and that one chick >=(
It is much more secure to be feared than to be loved.
Just saw this on a billboard: "Potential is dormant ability."
Telling you I own the moon! Whats good Chad ! Great letter to your "dad" the other day!
Just got home from seeing the Avengers!!!
Welcome to LA! Seeing trailers for #Bunheads and getting very excited to see it in June!
things are great.. how have you been
every time I see that someone I know has loved this book, I want to jump with joy.
Custom Shirt Prints of the day: 5,000 business cards with printing front and back for $90.00 delivered. Deal ends at 7PM PT.
Going to the feed the future concert tonight
NO SCHOOL BITCH!!
lol yea right, I love his cum. Right ? ;)
- I'm going to show this to my wife. :D
Ha! So true. Got to hang half a hundred to be satisfied. RT : That was a sooner fan victory!
Done on computer for tonight. Goodnight folloewers
too much #BieberFever with my girl! LOL
now following
Oh...the libraries should be getting some new stuff today! First come first serve :)
I want to draft Kalil's mom at #3 forget him.
110,339 Total Votes at Present For Favorite New Country Band of November.... with leading slightly. Best to all Contestants!
Love 'em!! Maegan has the keenest eye for fashion details
or should I say all grown up? HA!
Music is the soundtrack of your life. - Dick Clark. <3 RIP Dick Clark. New Years Eve Will Never Be The Same. <3
Omg today is where they are doing cheap tattoos but it's in Orlando ugh I wanna get me a tattoo :/
I Ain't One Of Them Lol
10 episodes...but who is the 10th "main" character? Picture only shows 9 characters! Maybe Oscar?
is there tech support for ESPN Fantasy Football? Friend cant log in to his team all of a sudden and I cant delete the team
Is that a good oh my or a bad oh my?
trying to learn to abide within my moralistic compass
In that case consider it popped! ;)
Today's going to be an awesome day. Happy MLK Day, folks. Be of service today!
you're SO CLOSE! Yay!!!
anytime! we love your energy at the studio + boutique!
goodmorning too you too! how u doing?
Wow #SuperNova IS DEALING 6 hitters 4Ks #YANKEES RUN SUPPORT PLEASE
Philip Robinson~ And when the future hinges on the next words that are said Dont let logic interfere believe your heart instead.
MY GAWDD MAU! U ARE SO PICKY CONSIDERING WE ARE SO DEDICATED TO U AND U WONT EVEN GIVE A COUPLE FOLLOWS WITHOUT A PRICE!
helloo i followed !!!
I'm really craving some mango sushi.
The floral smell in the air is intoxicating.
Breaks my heart when Vera cries. :(
I remember in year 9 , my textiles teacher said I look kinda like a model cos I looked anorexic and like an alien : /
Off to Vegas in a few hours, lotta big meetings, wish me luck!
What a run...
can't stand him!!!
yeah! With and a few others :)
Ready to go to rugby tomorrow and blow some steam off
Pretty sure I've sneezed more times today than I have in my entire life.
Whoever wears #36 for the #Packers next is gonna have some big shoes to fill. Thanks for the memories.
Perfect RT : Watching #SOTU, wondering how there's room for Congress amidst all the straw men...
Chicks who play video games 👏👍
NetNewsWire iPhone app updated. Clippings now work again.
Have a happy and safe Cinco de Mayo! Tell us where you've found the best food and fiesta!
Who needs tickets to our show on wednesday at studio 21???
I just unfollowed so many people, I went from following 1,000 and some to 316. Lmfao, this took forever.
i wanna walk down the street listening to Cissy Strut
Want a shoutout? follow and RT this
"Only Those That Will, CAN!" A little something I just thought up as my personal Quote 2 remind me "why" on days that seem overwhelming.
Misses babe:/ I'll be in Portland though <3 :)
hey mang. You on the floor macklemore show?
Life isn't about looking for a true friend. It's about being one.
Drinking a salted Carmel mocha : ) love em'
Hi David thanks for following me. Love Ontario.
Agreed. Torres should be banned for life. That was unforgivable.
Smooch! RT : Because I like you,I am going to save your life and send u a gregorian calendar (via
Yum! RT : "What's your favorite dinner the night before a #halfmarathon? #fuel” SPAGHETTI!!!
I've found only one ultimately true idea, you can never change/help another person unless they want to change/help themselves.
Yo is your ankle feeling better lets go longboarding tonight
I think I would have. :) <<hugs>>
RT : Repeat after me: "Your logo is not your brand." (brand is entire customer experience. logo is visual anchor of brand)
RT : Important #jewishcamp values include: independence, tradition, Jewish pride
It's going well!!! How about you? How's Summer treating you?
Glad we got to spend a little time w/ Jeff, Celisa, and the fam in Carrboro. Next stop, Folly Beach, SC!
Today's Gallup 2012 Presidential Poll shows Mitt Romney leading Barack Obama 47% to 46%.
I will marry, fuck, kill you if you can get me a comedy writing job
GREAT seeing u guys! RT Made it 2 NY safely wit & Heading to park ave to meet wit
Let's go metta
The story of your innovative teacher just keeps getting better. Thank you for sharing it!
Believe it or not, I gained followers after my last tweet.
#BOYFRIEND10DAYS Let's get this trending for ;D so we can show us the single cover *__*
sudenly the nl central has NO stars
Thx homie RT : well it is clear to me that your shoes are the tops. you guys rock. have a sweet chrismas 2012
GYR3gr3hfiuk3jenc¶#@¶#@#€@Ω¶∂#«“@!! That's how I feel right now.
Empty house?
Sometimes I make our painters talk in fake Australian accents.
Thank you! Let us know if we can help you with your accounting and tax questions.
Somebody made my day today by sending a msg on FB saying teaching is one of the most honorable of professions; wasn't an American. :)
learning 4th grade music in advanced choir smh
Super City remains America's largest ashtray. Thanks Will Indy ever be #smokefree?
#PGA on Wisconsin!!!! Go Stricker and Kelly!!!
How many folks do you know who work for Amazon S3? :P
GHOST: The Musical? It's official, Broadway is out of ideas.
I want a social media-engaged council, but not in the middle of public meetings with unequal access.
Mattsss here to
Central Park
yeah n motivated to bring sexy back!
great stuff!
#fridayreads continuing 'One Step Behind' by Henning Mankell on CD in car
SO excited for Spring with you guys :) Follow us & we can collaborate on promoting the brand!
psshhhh of course I will.
Shouldn't have lost them then you stupid fuck!
This is true RT ": Evan turner > Iggy"
This beautiful life I live >>>
AT&T hooked it up with unlimited messaging and calling to any mobile at no additional cost. Cool!
I was feelin coco lounge lastnight excellent drinks on the latino side but y they didnt have shit in the hip hop room lol?
Today is Michael Stipes birthday from the band R.E.M. Share a QWiP on your favorite R.E.M song with your friends & family!
Today is #FollowFriday. Tell your friends about
hi Ariana! Good night! Love u! Xo
Librarian humor:
The #Ravens are going to be a very different team in 2012
I think its cute when a guy walks me to class, but when he wants to do it all the time.. FUCK it gets annoying
Is that a sock? Full of buttah?
u sound like me lol
Bucco Nation feels for JMac tonight
its not : Oh My God Becky , Look At Her Butt ... Tunechi . Itz : Oh My God Mikey , Look At Your Abs ... SEXYY !
RIP Earl, I'm going pick all night in your honor
..themselves." Yup.
just got our Home Opener Tickets!!
he saw a pig fly RT : im bout to completely cut drugs and drinking out of my life... officially
I think I'm going to be live tweeting #Birdemic here.
Stressed out? Find a little humor somewhere - anywhere.
About to attend my first elders' meeting at CHBC. Looking forward to it!
RT ": How many retweets can this get? :D"
SHENANIGANS!! Shift Key for structure auto build repeat in SC2?!?!? NOW we know how Michael is spiking the charts!
What kind of friend recommends a dry cleaner that doesn't accept credit cards? Shame on both you and Waters Edge Cleaners.
case in point
I hear there was a lot of back yard dry cleaning back during the dry cleaning prohibition in aught six.
im off to a wedding happening at that exact moment. it's jessica searer's, if you remember her
DYHIW you start venting on social media and can't seem to stop ;-)
If this bug comes near me i'll scream:(
I could use my "Can you provide evidence to support this point?" rubber stamp on both student papers AND HS friends' FB posts.
Firing up the chainsaw. RT : Chop off your left leg. Old wrestler's trick.
Thanks for letting me ask a question on your show with rachel
lol you clearly hate her baldnes
haha yeah. My right hands frozen. Look for me if u want. I'll try to keep space beside me
Through wholly accepting what is... We evolve further in our Divine Intelligence, knowing what to rise above and ignore... FMHY <3
at least I know more than
im really sorry
free just write for the website
saw you on Portlandia tonight. Great job.
That's adorable!
good job! There will always be children who can run Faster and longer. Those were the days.
And, either instagram doesn't remember that I follow people, or I forget that I randomly unfollow people... Idk why that happens.
“: I need to visit you soon. I haven't been in so long :(” we can't wait to see you.
Turns out that I can't DM you because we are not following each other. Our email is dzian [dot] music [at] gmail. Let's chat!
Sin Cara going too win
Pnce again: not enough monster sex. Never not applicable
Beefy crunch burritos are way too good.
Keep your head up
There is nothing more pointless, or common, than doing the same things and expecting different results.
I'm gonna go to collin for 2?yrs and then transfer over to corpus A&M!! :))
so much work to do, and trying to keep up with invites from friends...not easy!
when did they show him?
it's so true! I need to take my own advice.
So apparently you have to go to each blocked user's page to unblock them, and there is no way to see a complete list of said users.
Large but shallow dents on drivers side doors, due to teenager. No paint damage, just mild dings.
You're welcome! Have a great weekend!
Yes! We are going to #factorcon , we're getting in tomw night in time for the #RMP cocktail reception :) Will you be there?
any word on who's at fault?
I'm guessing that you'll rejoice, but your reaction says a lot.
been watchin ya since married with children...Ya still lookn..if i ever get famous most def gonna try to wife you up...
Couches are here! Seeing people move my furniture is giving me ridiculous anxiety. I'm not watching.
David Butler: Newspapers have a poor track record of monetizing the Web Still very much focused on print sales, not digital
En route to LA for #iajgs - got to Phoenix 20 mins early, then sat in "traffic" on the taxiway for 30 mins... Go figure!
The person who says "let's agree to disagree" is weak and knows he's wrong.
#Wecantdate because money can't buy you a personality.
#10RandomThingsAboutMe I never trip over stupid shit
It just hurts when I move, lol!
PS. Cinnabon is now following me. Thanks, Macy Gray. But still no Microsoft.
Its weird how many people I follow or follow me that I dont actually speak to
Soon enough you'll be running 13 miles!
Off to a dinner party. Will catch the rest of the WH Correspondents dinner later on TiVo. Lovely warm nite in the City of Angels.
Britt from Spoon is up next on the Breakfast Show!
and her style is unique! :) how u doing luv?
Well. Tonight brought me back...
Much better Sean. THATS how you tell Nauji good morning :)
I want to actually notice me one day, an hopefully get him to follow me too.💜
can i get a coupon code plz? About to order one of those badass pete rose shirts!
Ready for making off "Music Timeline". webisode no.1 !!! STOKED
on the way to Claddagh's for Club Med seminar.
Thoughts while watching #DarkShadows trailer: "Man this is campy. Who's the hot blonde? Feels like Addams Family. Oh it's Eva Green!. Huh."
Not a new love... I've been owning the skies with the TV Missile since I unlocked it! :-p
Though Hitchens put too much faith in Enlightenment rationale, I respect him as a thinker, or as he would say, a young-at-heart contrarian.
Hey great video today, has me rethinking rolling a Counselor over a Jedi Knight. Good news on my cancer, one test came back neg...
Halloween reading at the Fishbowl: Masks (bring one), cupcakes, and people (you?) reading poetry. 10/28, 8:30 pm.
Are you gonna kiss me or not?-Thompson Square
What did you dress up as for Halloween?
If I ask u " Who is this " EVERY time u text me OBVIOUSLY u not important enough for me to save your #
Richard Arum book-Parents do more?College won't even share grades becus student is adult.Took my leverage away-called money
"Nothing in moderation!" - NICOLE MILANO
for sure
you know what's up!
I can almost hear Gus with his "ah-haaaawwwww" at the top of his lungs for a 90th min goal.
I really love how Cody and the wanted are "mates";)
the district says hi!
Talk to your #donors. What are their aspirations for your #nonprofit? #Contributions will follow.
If you sweet talk them enough, they should replace it for free.. just make sure you seem like you know what youre talking about
I love my coaches! <3 Gomez Josh
Can't wait for next Monday. #apartment #deuces ✌
Ah, the good old "there should be one search that finds me everything I need"? Ours essentially said our services are irrelevant.
Laughs. All I think of re: puff paint is having to peel my clothes apart after they came out of the dryer.
No better way to build a team than jacking together for 30 seconds right and ?
love those labels!
I totally think Jordis rocked that emotional or not
RT : AJR63 to limit the right of recalls has passed. | Unbelievable, Cory
get a picture
I love my favorite actor, that its you ;´D
Some bitches don't know how to text back
Zero degrees today and six inches of snow
Are any of you interested in a meal replacement?
I love it!!!! You have a great weekend too love;)
If it can go wrong to tonight... It will. Don't tempt fate.
#fridayreads Norman Cantor "The Civilization of the Middle Ages"
sure o_O ill dm u my # ;D
the most lovable, mellow cat ever in life.
Colors are my life
So.. Does that matter bro :D
yea it feels great doesnt it lol. Went to ghetto ridge and it was crazy. So now online shopping.
ha! It's a +K kinda day! Thanks for the +'s! Have a great weekend!
Excited about the Oscars! I think I know who and what the winners are:)
Nobody knows just what seeing those two together can do to her
“ I beat the beat the up up up up up up up ... #myjam”
than all night, but whatevs! 😁
- I'm not sure how to take that. ;)
Tonight's score - #Yoga = 1, = 0. My thighs are DEAD.
Distractions<<<<>>>screaming!
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <34642
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
Running sound for the conference
Tile placement is everything in
Its tshirt time!
U Nice Avril
My tweets read like they're composed by an ex-screenwriter for "Felicity." I really overuse the word "amazing."
Dispute over Pa.'s reserve fund persists - Pittsburgh Post Gazette
This girl in my U.S. Government class has bars for days!!!
he's doing his best to impersonate the ' flu' game lol
...moves to afternoons ;-)
I never told the truth so I could never tell a lie.
Haven't checked because I have been away from home all day. I'm thinking the pilot episode ran for 38 minutes and 44 seconds?
Check out our station Mr.Sutton,we are the future of the industry.I will email you my credentials.You will laugh.Give me a call
same to you! Thanks for saying hello!
Finally saw The Hunger Games!! :)
When I'm to tha point to just walk away and not even care anymore, I know it's time!
Creation of a business plan will help you solidify your concept, your plan, and your ideas in a written success.
Are you excited for the meet and greet with Mary Kay Andrews this week? We sure are! Join us at the Tifton Library!
NETFLIX and other options soon Mitch RT : read the book, wasn't aware of movie. On ?
And Happy birthday to George Karl...
- #Firefly is the best Whedon show theme song. "Take my love, take my land Take me where I cannot stand..."
ME too! Love it!
goodnight...BTW u hav really pretty eyes!!!
u need 2 get into modeling the camera loves u
Dude I'm absolutely obsessed with Kingdom Hearts. Probably because it's Final Fantasy & Disney mashed together in one game.
YAYYY, help me figure this out in kaps class :)
Orange crush!!! Let's go!
Culver's the best, don't tell anybody. No more tweets please.lol
“Never let your memories be greater than your dreams.”- Doug Ivester
u waffle sniffer
omg I want to get that shirt for the hubby!!!
OH HELL NO, don't even start I tried to say hi but yall wanna act like bitches. not sharing yalls youtube.
Today is Friday... Gotta get down on Friday.
No no no, damage has been done. RT : just kidding. (:
Say the magic word…PLEASER!
Love leaves a memory that no one can steal ; But it also leaves a scar that no one can heal ♥.
Just saw on with talking about That's a lot of @'s.
Im totaly 4 stoping the slaughter, but when a broke country spends its $ to do it + lives. and they got the oil. I say send them an invoice!
Hope you too enjoyed an awesome weekend & the amazing weather, so excited outdoor events & activities are ramping up in
Cinnamon Bears have arrived!!!!!!!!!!!!!! along with 500Lbs of other Yummy Confections :-D see you soon
8th grade boys are freaking out at #Nemo getting stuck in the filter. Hee hee!
How lovely to see your smiling face on Twitter! How are you doing? How's NYC?
#cw09 G3: great presentation by Melanie Yergeau...I feel like I have a lot of research to do!
It's a great song lol.
People on Facebook are like mosquitoes. The only descriptive word I can think of for them is the word annoying.
Melvin Gordon has 22 carries for 117 yards and one touchdown for the #Badgers through two quarters
It sucks I cant hit the beach today with a blahh day
ground fresh and on dee way!
Pretty sure our hot water heater has finally kicked the bucket...
Loud ass kids 😠
Thank you for the shout out!
Ok..back to packing people...be good to each other...
Mistakes = choices um
love her, kiss her, hold her, smile with her, laugh with her. But don't make her fall if you don't plan on catching her.
lol that was funny
reason I was asking is I've noticed that a lot of publications delete old articles. Example:GlennKenny's writing for Premiere
Too much yellingi at those students? Way to use your information from the etiquette class you lead.
lol whatever then😜
Just when I thought I get I break, I was wrong. Classes ended yesterday at 11:59pm and new classes began today at midnight. Sheesh
Paul Heyman just saved #RAW tonight.
That's amazing!
I don't trust those...
The railroading of Blacks in Hearne,Texas with drug charges for political reasons, Based on a true story.
My birthday is on the 8th. Can I get a "Happy Birthday Kimberly" or a follow PLEASE!
This portion of her film discussed how African Yoruba continued to keep their religion during slavery in Cuba.
It's funny because while you meant to call me 15, you called yourself 15 accidentally. CHODE FAGGOT ASSLICKER CUNTRAG
I thought Kobe was about to pick up Gasol and swing him at an opponent.
I tried calling your manager but he was busy.
I keep myself busy with things to do, but every time I pause, I still think of you.
i'm confused. i don't see what i did there?
Milwaukee! Another sunny day! Please join us for the Cuervo beach v-ball tourney today! Reggae with RAS Movement!
it's not a game - if #obama wins, we all lose.
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
Just got back from Walmart & its crazy lots of ppl already & its not even black Friday yet!
My little boy turns one today. Happy birthday to Joshua and his Mama.
sometimes I'm scared of you, but all I really want is to hold you tight, treat you right, be with you day and night!
and are getting everything set up for today's #MeatlessMonday!
Well said. ": #S4PM TY & all drs who give their all for patient care - how hard you work for us"
Girl Scout Cook orders were distributed to the office today. Yum!
I sent a tweet to the wrong handle before...
Going to sleep wit plenty of thought on the brain but these thoughts are worth keeping in mind
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $56.5 US, $91.9 foreign, $148.4 global. After 40 weeks it's still playing on 16 screens as of 2/20. OSCAR!
Those who think they have not time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness. – Edward Stanley
and I will miss doing twisted trivia for you!!
Watching The Help again...for class. Paper writing time!
Run, Forrest, Run!
go eat a dick. bye.
Thanks for the fun, Stillwater! If your in OKC you had better be at , and or you're missing out.
In Albuquerque Making Handmade Soap and Soy Candles
#bootcamp6 just broke Twitter (at least for this building). Yes!
try now :)
I think were moving at a good pace
..and [women] who choose.“If you try to make that distinction, you will get nowhere when focusing on demand.” Therefore, because it is too..
Damn, drama already.
My goal is too come back tan
Can I come over & plug my guitar into your PA?
BIDEN's such a natural talent, he WOULD'VE SIDED with HITLER in 1944.
They say it's a broken heart, but I hurt in my whole body
Thanks for posting that Santa Cruz PBR video, much appreciated.
if you take skin tone as "orange" (most of those examples aren't egregiously bronzed), it's hard to avoid because of the sky/water
Dnt you hate when you fresh out the shower and all of a sudden you gotta shit!!!
Welcome new followers , , , , , & 5 star blogger
MLB likely to expand playoffs for 2012 season
Doesn't help that they try to trick you into thinking it'll taste like Fanta! (BTW Meg, congrats on your book!)
If you can't get to #gym, go outside, take a walk, walk farther & faster until you are #running or at least walking really fast.
I like showing people new music. I'm not really sure why.
ut oh. lights out.
Thank you!
I'm in your city :-)
But outdoor Digital Media advertising is not as simple as putting a flat screen TV on a wall.
I'm getting sick :/
I feel like I need a mental health day - I don't see a day off in my near future. Meep!
Wish my boys and we're here to celebrate my 21st
I agree lol
I hate it when people on Facebook delete and than add me again -_-
#np doin my job... under 25 staying alive is hard work
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs...one step at a time - Joe Girard
It’s easy to believe someone when they’re telling you exactly what you want to hear.
NOW is your time to act.
love the profile pic :)
Tune into WPR at 5pm to listen to HealthFirst's Maureen Busalacchi talk about healthier living for individuals and communities.
misakikoehn828 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
For those about to Learn, We salute you!
Spoke to Tom Fudge earlier today, will be airing a piece on TV/radio on Tue (morning and evening edition) on bike safety.
this happens on a daily basis
": RT if you have a crush on one of the ICONicBoyz" Bianca Said That! Its Definitely Gonna Be A Top Tweet! XDA
that is cool!
did you go to Vincent
Great game!!!!
Fade 2 Black performing live this Thursday 10pm-1am!
heading home to charlottesville just to watch the steelers game with the family. we're a mini
Damn technology. :/
Happy Birthday ! Looking forward to catching up in a couple of weeks for a #soccer ideas fest!
We'll also talk US-China relations on-set after the SED in Beijing--French, Egyptian and Greek elections. #cctvamerica 9pm EST/9am Beijing
.........and the man dumped me at the vet. signed some forms, gave scraps a hug & then bolted. BASTARD. not 2 mention he forgot breakfast!
Back to reality
Sport Fishing in Hawaii
not sure if anyone there knows who we are though.
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
hey prince i luv u so much
that a beautiful car god bless it
You're welcome. I bought a package of lady bugs once, to eat our aphid infestation. After I set them loose, they flew away.
Picked up some Capital Supper Club...less than two weeks left in Wisconsin. Do they even have good beer in illinois?
the problem is how they treat meat.Cows shouldn't eat cows. It's that simple, yet they make you feel stupid for saying it
Ah, almost forgot its thursday. The newest member of Androgentics will be annouced (^_^!)
Dear Back Pain, I'm only 29. Fuck off.
No idea what "black tie" means in Denver.
Who saw this coming?? #49ers!
825 feet of tunnel = A deluxe commuter bike for ever Seattle adult (475,000 bikes). www.tunnelfacts.com
And also the fact that audiences are diverse
“Never allow a person to tell you no, who doesn't have the power to say yes.”
wow! We can't wait to check it out. Follow this blogger!
Are you part of the 50% of Americans who own a smartphone?
Don't get caught this summer without a dj. Free estimates
Most Americans can't handle accents over our vowels. I'm amazed anyone pronounces naïve right
you better not be talking to me shit stain cause I'll kick yo as ~
Husky Brodown: RT Best player I've played with by far NBA star talent RT This kid is really good.
Just had to unfollow fool think he Jesus??
We totally won that debate
or bubba. Bubba might be able to bring the spark, but its way to soon
4 Facebook steps to Business Success: 1. Create your Facebook page 2. Connect to fans with ads 3. Engage your fans w/quality content
"Business Networking & Sex..." It's not what you think! Join us at 10:00 ET with Dr. Ivan Misner. Learn how to really network!
Love to ALL moms! RT: "A mother holds her children's hands 4 a short while... but their hearts forever." -Unknown
tomorrow game time!!!!!
who managing tonite Dwane? Nita there? Tell them you my friend ( repent later)... Lol.. Small world. Seriously
I realize I'm not enough grateful with my parents
1/2 off limos on friday nights!! W.limoservicedenver.com
xoxo back to you from Roo :)
Told the guy at burger king that I had diabetes because he didn't like give me an option of what kind of drink I wanted
Folks, connectivity is making Papa cranky, so I'm adopting the new convention of (M) = Mauler, (R) = Rottenchester, (J) = jammer, (L) = lead
Christmas is coming! We hope everyone is getting their last bit of shopping wrapped up and are starting to feel warm and gooey inside.
loved meeting today. what an inspirational, lovely soul.
You're rude and smell
Ahh!(: only like 6 minute till
Oh shit, it's Friday.
got back from a hottub where i finished by doing 25 pushups on my back porch in the rain naked. appropriate #yolo usage sry im not sry
Aw! Can you feel the love?! We need to bring our annual conference back to Staunton soon!
Hey you should produce some minoriteam DVDs for yo peeps over here.
T. J. 5 more games from him like that and we hang #8 !
okay y am I the man and what did you send me lol
I should probably start my homework.
just dug a splinter out of my hand with my other hand. bleeding, but satisfied.
y does she look so familiar i know you from somewhere
No measure of time with you will ever be long enough, but we'll start with forever. <3
Looking for pals who twitter online. I'm also checking the 140-character count to determine the maximum message length.
Giving yourself a comb over right when you get out of the shower >>
Great! RT : Heading through JFK T5 today and tomorrow? We hope you enjoy some Irish entertainment with our friends from Aer Lingus
I'm proud to be offenive
Cubs bus trip... Starting off with a couple yummy bloody Mary's
Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre so amazing. So charming. 2 more shows at Freud Playhouse. Perfect for kids or kids at heart. Bravo Sebastian!
Really liked Weilands control & mechanics Thought Ross would end up in 'Pen & think Erlin is too small (5'9" maybe) to be starter
Has anyone tried for mobile POS?
Huntsman needs to stop talking about how much he likes Romney and Perry. It's annoying.
New Follower=))
u loved it
16 year old Frances has just lost his parents and his grandmother takes him to live with her on her private island that is where he meets
Go Rangers! Tell your son to have a great stellar injury free year next year! He's gonna be a beast.
asian male who uses a mac not that uses a mac. C'mon u know yr grammar
goodnight my dear, I would text you, but my phone is too far away :) haha love you :)
Well, somebody better have a girl ! Before I flip the fuck out ! :P
Ministry that costs you nothing is worth nothing.
10 years ago I saw a morbidly obese McDonald's worker spill milk on her arm and then let it drip into the shake machine. I never recovered.
My Earth Day included, washing my gas guzzling Tahoe, driving 20 miles to the water guzzling Aqarium & trying too make my 5yr pee on a tree!
Fuck it I'm just say how I feel tomorrow....
Happy Birthday Eric Clapton.
find me one to show me how his hose works!
About to upgrade my iPhone to iOS 5.0. It better not delete my contacts!
As this new day unfolds, it just keeps on getting better and better. It is my 3 year anniversary witrh my fabulous wife. She is the best.
You're my favorite dj AND u love the cowboys? Whats next, u also love soccer, traveling and ur a foodie?
Have a great trip! Seattle is awesome! I miss WA so much. :'(
Hey school-based ! Do you consider yourself to be one of the "teachers?" Interested in your thoughts.
hi guys <3
Apparently I crossed a pissy little family who thought they owned the south shore. The parents shout at me 'Jesus Christ- do you have to w
oh wow, I don't remember those no. Of course the wknds, we partied much of the time, lead'g moose thru the dorm, prank'g, etc lol
#Honestly I wish I wasn't just another girl in your game.
"Bowie's in SPACE!"
considering your book _Mothers and Daughters_ for the WI Library Assn Lit Award - tell me about your time in WI please?
Good luck with the move.
Awesome ride today by and racing! Hope to see you wheeling it in Texas
It is better to think too much, than to think too little
Well, since I'm up early I might as well do homework or something productive :PP
ANIMAL CONTROL IS COMING OUT HOPE BEFORE 6 I HAVE SOMETHING TO DO
Not a bot! Proud to be your 1,000th.
Never play Fifa after being up since 2am. May have cost Hull promotion and PSG group stage in Champs Leag. Didn't risk
Do homework? Or take a nap?
#WFSAScriptTip you don't have to grab the audience in the 1st page but be sure YOU GRAB THEM! No one wants to buy a story thats passive
You should look at the moon right now
Congrats to Bad Nuze for ' Game We Play' charting #121 on the Top National 200 and #39 on The Top 40 Independant Charts the week ending 3/…
So happy to be home and no more travel for a week!
Amazing! Congrats, friends! RT : We are close to 500,000 followers! Stay tuned for a thank you gift to be announced later today!
you're bringing me back home guys! thanks for that. xox
Ha im being followed by 280 people.
i never understood wen ppl said "dnt do things wen you mad" ?? like i would fukk yo car up, break up wit you.....etc if i was happy!!!
O'Banion suggests adopt principles to achieve completion agenda - Gamson & Chickering, CCCSE, D Jenkins, Learning Colleges
#FF awesome supporters of original content
Street date set for May 22nd. Mark your calendar.
Grammys no so good this year... Im missing the standard kanye drama
Any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election or other major Stories?
One Of My Followers.
Gisele is talking crazy "My husband can't throw and catch the ball"... Bitch thats why this is a team sport.
Dang, he's young
You know you're high if the second you see a yellow light you slam on the brakes.
youre the funniest dude ever!
HALF of my class was absent today!! I got a ton done as far as "organization" is concerned, and I certainly taught... but the day went slow.
Merry Christmas!
#inhighschool u won't be popular unless u go along w/ everything the in-crowd does and act like you're somebody you're not.
I officially got to 100 followers! Thanks so much guys!
Watching "My Week With Marilyn". Branagh is a stitch!
I really hope other fields don't start crowing about science "failing" or somesuch--that Sarewitz can write such a thing is its strength.
Lyon hands out crash course handout re: J.L. Austin. Suggests Wikipedia entry, the "How to Do Things With Words" lectures as starting place.
Now, the market manipulators seems to have lost control and the DOW seems headed for a bigger down day.
Lost another note. This one didn't have much in it but I'm getting frustrated.
KEEP BITCH MAGAZINE ALIVE! // RT Subscribe, renew, give a gift, or become a sustainer today! bit.ly/oRG2M4
the last interview I had, they checked my twitter RIGHT in front of me. Super awkward lmao
I LIKED 'Jeepers Creepers'!
Yes what a great weekend!! Rangers are headed to the World Series!! Had a great time with friends last night & football today .. Wooot <3
hey Sandy, thanks for the follow!
Just cussed out an 80+ year old man on the road for not driving right. Now I feel like a dick.
So the long week is over, thankfully. 1st order of business this weekend is to get some R&R in. :)
Terra firma philadelphia!
safe to say i'm going to live another day. tho watching talking owls sorta makes me wish #rapture would happen, maybe just to my tv...
you know me too well.
exactly... People think #newt is best debater for #Obama “: SC demonstrated why all the debates are the engines of this campaign”
Yet in 2012, programming stays classical; so does database. Relational works fine. Of course one database cannot suffice. Use pointers
only about a three second lag. Sweet.
I like what I read in chapter 1. I downloaded book 1 to my stack. From the reviews, I look forward to the read.
•...profit simply from the fact that everything created by man decays.
LL Cool J? Really?
where's my harassment of late?
Just found your website. Love it!
Kicking things off at our event! chief scientist talks energy strategy
Great night to be a GTC!
I woke up earlier this morning and thought it was Saturday... Oh how the mind can play cruel games with you.
I don't realty understand how you forgot to tweet me when you made a note about it.. :/
dress up for FaceTime ???
no dance for me :)
Bout to head to the hospital my baby momma Karla in labor yay Kobi is coming can't wait to hold him!
I feel wiz khalifa right now
Amazing feelings I hope never go away😍
Can't wait! #CiderSummit 2011 m m
Why does most Eco-friendly/fair trade jewelry look so cheap? Anyone have anywhere to find good looking sustainable jewelry?
Glad you could have fun with us! We like our new space, too! Enjoy the rest of #sxsw festivities
adorable! I'm sure those weekends are really special.
Waiting for Satan to pick me up on his motorcycle
Getting my hair blow dried and styled for the Bachelors & Spinsters ball tonight! Excited to get glammed up and party...
I saw some friends post pictures of the shuttle flying over DC. Very Cool!!
and tweeting
Rainy gray day in NYC. Driving off with friends to the edge of the world...or rather Queens. Can't wait to Get back home to rest.
Who thought it was a good idea to make a lead in a sitcom unlikable? #areyoutherechelsea?
RT : When we invest in the arts, we provide cultural and economic benefits to the community.
Have a great tour!
Our last 10 TICKETS to our grand opening are available NOW! Come to 2718 J Street for your last chance to get into our party
Lol your welcome !! See you Sunday! Better be ready to play some baseball. (:
Now Nelson Cruz can place his "boomstick" up the home plate umpire's ass.
Michael Vick update ... Panthers, Packers and Ravens mentioned as possible destinations
im so nervous for tomorrow. im not gonna eat.
i don't think of it as problems... lol... The more the merrier
Its ironic when fat chicks cake on make up.
omg. #Kids were up at 5am. So much for ME time. Grrrrr. And they are very lively. THere is no waking up here. They are fully #charged !
Most apps are glorified versions of the finder. They browse and display data based on a path. /c
this is 2011. He's playing angry birds.
At Liberty University to see ! I'm so excited! A proud dad I am.
my friend is blowing up my notifications and commenting on all of our old fb pictures...
"A girl doesn’t need to tell you straight up how she feels, it’s written all over her eyes"
Is into Salon takeover. Will I seriously watch anything Bravo airs? I guess so.
Awesome job! :) Gotta Love #HCG! :) RT I've lost 10 lbs in a week :) thank you hcg.
I will be producing "The Miser" at the brand new Lansdale Center For Performing Arts on March 26th & 27th and April 9th & 11th
as you know this statement is categorically untrue
Juwan Howard has made SERIOUS $$$ in the league!!!
Follow the rainbow to !
Very cool. Instagram that awesome shirt. The world must be shown.
I have a huge bulge in the back... I like to tuck it...
. and I had words last night re: Lana Del Ray. We've agreed to disagree, Ron Burgundy-style.
Priceline Profiting From the Procrastinator: CEO
lol it's your fault
barf. maybe you should move to portland.
I feel like I'm missing out on so many opportunities, but not from a lack of trying. The ball just doesn't bounce the same for everyone.
bum day!
AHA walk was a good time for the entire family. Pets were even welcome. It was a great day!
OK cool
Hey Phil - you're looking a little orangish. Just think of it as a mini-blog.
You know thats my city! Live it up man maybe ill bump into on the streets.
Ok best friend! Sweet dreams! #ILOVEYOUFOREVER!! <333
they do
Off to a dance floor full of task force peeps
like Bill Maher said, I'm pro anything that improves my commute...pro-pandemic, pro-zombie apocalypse...
Still room in my appt book for new haircut customers. Magnolia Day Spa is just awesome... 1.5 miles from Shortpump. Call for appt. 690-0252
At Work: Can't be the only one to note that the day the NYT Mag runs a cover story on the King of the Closers - he blows a save.
Hey Speed07, I here ya guy..I miss work...! lol..Treyin to meet up w/ Mike Woods remote " LIC ( Gantry State PK )...walkin now via feet...!
excited for Sunday!!!! :D
and they can't count lmao
Oh no! RIP Maurice Sendak :,-(
Where is everyone going for Winter Restaurant Week? How do you feel about the new $35 price?
haha I know!! I guess we just don't have class at the same time. I'm feeling a little mtsu trip soon...
Get your HaiR Styled Vegas :)
Studies show consumers would pay a week's pay to be the most #fascinating person in any situation. How does your brand help solve this?
You're welcome! And thank you for the shout-out! Have a great weekend.
Because they're followers, not leaders.
Just under 2 hrs until the D1 side kicks off against Glendale. Will you be there???
I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should go, slow down, or just stop to avoid heart accidents.
You need me. You miss it.
RT : Prayers needed. Our friend Chris' PC is growin, causing internal problems, he needs strength and peace.
unbelievable! can't understand the thinking of the jury.
Yes BITCHES KNICKS WIN!
South Korea has seized thousands of smuggled drug capsules filled with powdered flesh from dead babies - Made in China.
Really RT : #ZodiacFacts #Leo’s rarely compete, because they just don’t have to.
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 13
Some ppl are a trip in a half
We had our first RVA Zine Fest meeting of 2012 tonight. Success! Things are happening.
TRAFFIC: All lanes blocked I-94 WB at MM 254 due to a crash. This Traffic Trouble Alert is presented by Home Loans.
Cool. Have a good one!
Jeremy Loutensock wins Nell Propst History Contest with 'Unseen Glory - Journal-Advocate
Pure deep and melodic euphoria 😊 perfect way to describe a state of trance 💗🎶
We're SLA, move on and lets see this alignment stuff pan out properly
Presidential vote commences again...
Is Aaron Craft drunk? #gobucks ??
I may not use these quote, but I�m printing and have already taken time to reflect on a few
We are a must stop for savvy fashionistas, recessionistas, and recyclistas. Vintage Collection launches April 9.
I love that movie.
In the the #studio doing work with
Looks like a really creepy movie! Was it at least worth watching?
So you madd??
what am I going to do without you?
Great win for the Indiana #Pacers tonight! Still can't believe there were tickets for a playoff game for $3.50.
Saturday April 21,2012 at 8:30pm at Left Coast Wine in Glendale, CA jazz with vocalist and Matt vanbenschoten bass.
I'm irritated as fuck. Things just arent going how I want and im sick of it. I kno the world dont revolve around me
Cheddar peppers at sonic>>>>>
A fam just wondering what's the lineup for the king of the Arch battle?
bout ta say ol skool
love the Beast but it is Miller Lite all the way.
"there's only one way to stop seeing so many #instagram photos on my news feed..." - mark zuckerberg
I hope everyone has a Happy Easter. Enjoy.
yeah I'm going
What questions would you want to ask a teen movie star?
whens your next run thur the ville?
Does anyome print decals?
-- gotta love Bootstrap, from Twitter. thanks guys. making my life easier.
I just want to dance until I die rt and
it's going great. about to kick off the new school year! you?
don't make me cry.
Happy birthday ! To the most amazing wife a guy could ask for! Hope your day is great!
Who pays attention to Cher? She thought Mt Rushmore was a natural occurance.
Kembe X, Alex Wiley, and face tat
One more week....one more week.
follow me
Where did anxiety come from? I'd like to give it the middle finger and tell it to fuck right off!
Animal Style FTW (>^_^<)
What a wonderful tribute to Whitney Houston on #Glee. Such beautiful songs, her legacy will live on!
Wow. By Tuesday my mind is swimming with ideas! Happy that a to do list is quickly forming.
Debate tonight at U of Charleston. Reportedly Tomblin & Thompson to be no shows at this ELECTION'S ONLY DEBATE. Anyone for Hide and Seek?
Load School-wide reading program selections for teachers to read on kindles over the summer!
Tip from #m2062 participant Aga Zostek: check out "Creative Man" from Copenhagen Inst for Futures Studies
NY. One word: bagels.
bulls gotta win tonight LETS GO BULLS! 9:30EST
going to the moviess (:
#cil11 anyone using fbml to create a new books tab on facebook? Any opacs synching with facebook?
I seem to recall Ben Block put his together in record time. Perhaps you tag him in?
“: nah im n Austin i left rite afta the concert”I still don't like you
I never tire of watching
Yay! First day of vacation and there's a flameware on my FB.. with *gasp* a bunch of people I don't give a crap about.
RT i called my mother and told her happy mothers day and she said happy mothers day to you to....... 0_o • Hahaha xD
lol maybe....and ok
Remem it's an open house from 5-8pm tonight so no res required. Just stop in for drink & taste amazing balsamics & oo from around the world!
I have extra you can use I'll bring it
Talking about opportunities...open your mind to the possibilities!!!
Would you recommend reading 50 Shades of Gray? You two are brains I trust. haha ;)
#MustSeeMcGee RT : WOW!! Andre Miller with a beautiful half court alley oop to JaVale McGee
Medical sales rep of the future = information concierge. Jill Gilmont @ Medtronic
Then you realise that the idea is stronger than the machine because the idea not only creates the machine but makes the machine
nice! What school are you at?
i think the word alive is one of my new favorites.
they gonna learn today, you are awesome
you get out at 1:39 everyday?
FB Bradie Ewing () is the fifth #Badgers players off the board, going to the Atlanta Falcons in the 5th round, 157th overall.
I'm glad you liked it and thank you for the suggestion :)
Anybody know how to find limits?
Nevermind on the iPhone...the guy was such a jerk.
love grandma Phyllis hope she made me one too lol
We are the #1 earner in New Mexico!!!
Happy New Year!
have you made 's Creme Egg brownies? Great way to fill the Easter void the 9mos you can't buy Cadbury eggs =)
haha. next time! I only have 115gb of memory cards at the moment though :)
Oh lord... what the hell were we thinking....
I hate you best buy for recommending a printer that doesn't work! The ink is full so stop saying it's not
“: mean and the grinning idiot should have put the wolf out of it's misery”-agreed.
well i got to spend time with my former bff ari smith. that explains a lot mayneee!
The email exchanges in 50 Shades were funny...
Iknow! I love u:DRT : I love how me and have gotten so close <3 :)
The John Axford of closing boots
should bring ME ice cream...
Other industrialized nations (almost all of them) with more aggressive healthcare policies don't seem to have that problem.
One of my earliest memories is making blueberry mudpies w my great-gran! And I probably wanted to sell them. LOL
I've seen YouTube videos of that hold. It looks legitimate
Hope he's got enough flair.....
Filming in Mexico City!!!! My first day of shooting went really well and cast and crew are awesome.
RT : Even the best of ideas have to be followed up with action.
happy i saw Sat Give Up is great. Been a fan since early 2000s his new stuff is amazing. cant wait for more
Our Newark office is open today from 8-5. No appt. necessary for optical services. 110 High St. 315.331.5721 to make an exam appt.!!!!
Tomorrow: Join clergy, home care clients, seniors, workers & concerned citizens as we travel to Albany to demand quality #home_care for ...
was zayn orgasmic or what?!
It was UltraDavid who said the 2 words part not Keits, Besides he's a lawyer, you can't fault him
it was soo busy!! You should still stop by :)
While the art building foyer is nice. I also liked it simple when I was there (class of 97)
Listening to gospel bout to start my day
Rather 'Kiss of *THE* Spider Woman.' Wouldn't want to upset the Spider Woman.
. . . . And that's a fair enough observation.
Volunteering with the Salvation Army today at the Cowboys game. Happy Thanksgiving!
African-Americans with Smartphones are taking the country by storm and InSpotter mobile app is the epicenter
haha I cant stand listening to Hubie just b/c of those go to phrases. I feel like I'm listening to a voice recording of him
Thanks for the follow! MKE design FTW!
She said in her best Irish motherly brouge ;)
Dont get lost :)
must. learn. lines.
So let me get this straight..Barett is out..Dowling is on IR..And Bodden just got released..Secondary issues...
Dear I just wanted to let you know that you are an amazing brother and I miss you very much!
RT : "Most people spend their lives making grand plans for it..."
Spending a billion dollars on a football stadium is not about to make a successful football team. The vikings trippin
I'm bout to get it on voice haha..
it was great! This one was also hosted by Jeff Mallach. An overview of the sport and lots of insight (and jokes)!
we should chill after break! :)
Whats good man,Do you have a contact for production?
Exams are gonna be the death of me...
RT : we demand sports AND professional BOTH don't split the streams.|Yipes a directive from Tocqueville.Must be a Packer fan.
So true!
Okay, for draw something with your sister I drew a glove. Lou's supposed to be wearing it but...
SNL's "What's up with that?" jingle has become our theme song for the week. Yay...
crazy? That's amazing! I'm at 350/month with budget billing. I want your plan.
Rewriting my resume the way. Getting used to the format (1 pg?!?), but I think it's coming together nicely. Thx, Mark & Mike!
#BehindTheMusic bruno is still the sweet man he says he is. he still has respect for women- and dogs. ;)
I am now telling the computer EXACTLY what he can do with a lifetime supply of chocolate.
I haven't talked to you in forever :(
Done and done-Best of luck!
- out every night cuz im not single anymore n its nt all about just me anymore ya kno n u got me as well
Its working!! :)
King King ain't got shit on me
Everybody show some love to my friend jaiquel
Leg day's my favorite....Today for me, Arms. Have a great workout!
that's cool what you got?
What do I need to know before buying a new cover for my hot tub? Mine barely made it through the winter. Anything new? 32912
#midwestfashionweek is coming to a tv near you! Starting Wednesday we will be on several morning shows!
RT : "What does HOME mean to you? How do the forces of technology & globalization affect your idea of "home"?"
From all of GOkickball Columbus, our sincere condolences go out to friends and family of
Getting back to playing some poker!!
Ha! We can't win.
Everybodys "in a relationship" on facebook now. Fuuuuuck that! Lol
The Twitter Paradox: a tool that apparently requires the least amount of effort (140c) end up being the most time-consuming to use
Leonardo da Vinci wrote in his notebooks that a man that could not control his sexual impulses was 'no better than a beast in a field'......
are you lonesome tonight? do you miss me tonight? are you sorry we drifted apart?
Can't seem to get moving today
It's going to be fabulous!
That's like all I do.
Glad you liked the pics! Very big day yesterday - so glad they're all home now!
gonna knock over a few vases in the house, so the man realizes i broke them on purpose when i was wearing the cone.
Happy Friday everyone!
rest her voice and... browse twets
Hey! (reading program) 's Bryan Fonseca designed lights (that slash!) for ' "Rebecca."
If you throw a cat out a car window does it become kitty liter?
Initial fitness goal should be to do 30 min of exercise each day.gradually increase this to about 60 min of exercise per day
I don't know about you but Agile development sounds great to me.... :)
Today will be a great day! Enjoy it!
have a pic of you, Austin, or Alex, and say why you love/support them. <3
I just clicked the hashtag USMNT and lawled while reading it.
want to sleep but no
Woohoo! Another funny cat pic makes it into #w2e! How users adore cat pics!
Game time is 11:30am in San Antonio on Wednesday. Big12Sports.com will webcast the game.
yesh but it was much needed
Keep being funny, the world needs you.
probably a good call!
You seen the poor girl's photos? .__.
Girls soccer game! Leggggoooooo
Good! How are you? We have the same name... loll :)
! we always check our receipts. Once got charged twice for a cook book and was not a thing I could do once home
Casting: 30 sec commercial for Netflix Latin America - Apply to: Alfonso Ruiz or Keith Huser, Post Office Box 421223, Los Angeles 90042
what an asshole.
131313 Zach Dorsey
Very Classy! “: I get to do keyword research for redneck wine glasses. I love my job. :)”
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
I'm about 97% sure I just ate chicken gizzards, and I liked them. But I can't think about it too long or it makes me nauseous.
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
I'm so not looking forward to school .-.
Thanks for the RT!
gotta get my tweet groove back. I missed twitter while we were out the ruling real estate world!
I just guffawed on this bus. And I agree with you.
So talented man! HUGE INSPIRATION for our band!
It's alright. =) It was time-consuming but I had fun making it
Had to educate myself on BB Creams just now. I swear I saw 50 commericals for different brands this weekend. Will have to try it out....
Come swim sometime. RT : I want 's pink pool.
Hump day
Sorry #Capitals but the FA Cup Final beats game 4. I'll have the game on on the background.
We're loving your technology use. Thanks!!! Interesting play-by-play
I KNOW YOU WILL NEVER NOTICE BUT IT MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU WOULD FOLLOW TO DAY YOUR SOO AMAZING AND ADORABLE <33333333
Against anyone else I'd agree.
Meant every word. Really nice piece, and you deserve the recognition :-)
my bad bro hit me up ill inbox ypu my number for right now
Social Meetup tomorrow at Engine 11! 2pm 30 North Avenue NE, Atlanta
LCers: heard Ross Harvey now calls his LIS class Digital Stewardship b/c of curation's over/mis-use. My campaign gathers momentum!
Microsoft joining forces with Barnes and Noble. Interesting.
I called earlier & the gentleman had a hard time telling if 2nd phone was bought. I figured I will wait a few days & call again.
CRAP! Ethan sporting sore throat & heavy cough & has "that look" in his eyes - probably too sick to go to family Seder tonight. Bummed.
Does that mean anything? Maybe Venus is trying to kill me.
wtvr dad not letting me watch audacity crew from my show.
#MyPastRelationships made me stronger and wiser
you have to arrive pretty early to avoid the crowds, but my ranchero omelette was pretty awesome.
Hah, event trigger/bind pattern
“The time is always right to do what is right.” ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
Im so ready to get out of this class
He 's Still Got It! Brad Pitt Suits Up for Critics ' Choice Awards Brad Pitt has been getting some flack lately for no longer bringing it
I think twitter has become my new addiction, Au revoir facebook
Every picture of Tyler Horton makes me smile because he's wearing the Be You Tiful bracelet :)
My nose on allergies<<<<<<
I need a responsive web company to help with my website. We do printing, mailing and want to sell other marketing related products online.
Enjoying my favorite Black Friday morning activity: relaxing, sipping coffee, and not shopping.
Um 50 Shades of Grey is old lady porn at least according to the old ladies in my office
Love it.. Following ;)
If you don't believe in GOD unfollow me!!!!!! I stand up for what I believe in, you do you and imma do me
My hair is so dead :c
RT Today: The official launch of They have a great deal on 2 rounds , a course in Indy.
Jim signed my thesis approval page...SHIT JUST GOT REAL.
let me know how it is. Can't wait to see it, going tomorrow night. :)
Today's the big day! Start things off early with the Flag Raising Ceremony at 9 and the MSC Dedication at 10!
You may be confusing me with
Upset I missed
I am picking up the keys at woodley park apt on wed of next week!
that Dunk Contest was garbage
I'm in the strip club throwing yesterdays money You in the same club throwing other niggas money
or < One of them will be Voted Best New Artist of the Month and Go On To the Finals against
“: I just asked Maggy if today was Saturday. I also asked her if we were in a country last night” cool story bro xoxo!
Hey everybody if you are a true shake it up fan go and follow this cool dude he isnt on shake it up but you'd be cool
The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
Don't do it if you can't keep it up.
That works. Thanks for the response.
Packing for Disney! I can't believe it's finally here!
I hear ya!
All I want to do is dive into my summer reading list. But alas, I still have one more paper to write for grad school. So very frustrating!
#Monday Mention
I just did when tweeted xD
Guess the markets being closed today is not so bad after all.
was just there a couple of weeks ago. not as amazing as a few years before. (think i already tipped off )
hey hey :)
Hey Fuji Fans. Join our text club &amp; have our BEST coupons go to your cell. Just text the word "FujiFanClub" to 96362 to join! It's FREE!
oh really
Some pol just be talking
"The cookie crumbles differently....in each package." LMAO. Very profound, Dr. O'Neal.
Q being a puss and leaving cause of a little rain great crew
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver
Just be nice, be kind and spread peace because it will make the world better
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?"
Headed to for dinner. Yep. and I are adults.
Okay thanks :) I've been deleting DMs and sending tweets to everyone who has gotten a massage so I've been BUSY, how are you?
Ok! Let's get some big boxes and some colored duct tape for ambiance and sturdiness! :)
Omfg I can't breathe out of one nostril.
My lil bro yelled at me for taking his iPod off the charger so i can charge my iPod (made me mad)
My family fell apart a long time ago.
did u know how many points #5 had for thomas more
silk scarves
#QuoteOfTheNight "baby powder hates her!"
after how much i've done for you, this is what you do to me? woah.
I'm getting off for the night :)
RT : God has blessed so much to the point there is no way I could not pray for my enemies/strangers/friends/family.
All the way until the last out of that game tonight, I was pretty sure Bill Hall was going to do something to beat the
I don't find that funny
I know dats rite bout wat u tweeted
Yes, but Buffet's secretary didn't declare the $50M bonus she got in Dairy Queen gift cards from Warren, did she?
this week is taking forever to end .
Saw The Town. I'd recommend it to Bostonians. Great casting ofJeremy Renner. He was scary and i felt like I'd seen him before in Charlestown
Cause in this moment I feel so alive
Sent you an email with last minute questions and I am off to bed. Can't wait to hear all about it and see your awesome coverage!
thanx for the great leads. Heard speak at ALA! She's stellar :)
The Blast has opened each quarter with an early goal for a 6-2 lead.
smartphone users are leading mobile ecommerce growth; 63% more likely to shop and buy than other mobile users
« « I don't have time to hate people who hate me, cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.»»
hey I am over tweet limit :) - Nathan :)
So I experiment with artists, styles now. And Pandora's algo is pretty damn good, fwiw.
Shout out to my Bro bringing my other mother to the same show, I know both of them are excited...Gotta treat mom right!!!
Too bad Newt followed one of this conservative advice as Speaker.
I need to tan asap! I look all white!
My roommate's teenage boy left his facebook up. Reading through his messages. It is extremely fascinating.
I don't think there is anything more useless than the "Power Rankings", which is basically a slight twist on the actual standings.
finally carving pumpkins. :)
CL : ( i need his address to file a small court claim. did an intellius. moves around alot
fuck yes. It's gonna be epic
You almost feel ashamed that someone could be that important, that without them, you feel like nothing.
Everything is just better on a mac.
lmaooo I did too & lolol yes yes it is, I totally froze when he asked me D:
Note to self: Three months' time in Chicago isn't enough time to get cocky ad think you know your way around town more accurately than gmaps
Second season starts June 14th. Welcome to the "Suits" club. Lol
(Via ) Only three more gorgeous days in NYC. Today's gonna be good... -Have fun! ...but not 2 much fun.
Nice job Dr. Dimmock on explaining whole genome sequencing!
Parenthood finale tonight!!!!
Wow alright British girl came across the pond and nabbed the #grammy award for best song! Go
The more work i bang out the closer i get to California dreaming...
Happy 100,000 miles to our Subaru Outback!! Cheers to many more!
don't be a stranger!
- I'll see if my boyfriend wants to go. Thanks for the invite!
Godspeed. Great night to travel.
Greetings from Natural Balance, Brooklyn NY. Hope everyone had a terrific holiday weekend...healing begins at home!
Temple defensive back Kee-ayre Griffin Temple defensive back Kee-ayre Griffin talks about the Owls' regular season finale against Kent St
The Ridiculousness with Ryan Dunn and the Ryan Dunn tribute was was great. We all miss you man
RT : RT : Friday 11/11/11 is Veteran's Day. To honor veterans the Museum will be offering free admission...
Because I love the opportunity to be snarky and talk to myself here on twitter. ;)
RT For a chance to win FREE stuff from
What part of Mizzou are you in? I spent many summers in Webster groves as a kid.
You can most certainly help others through your thoughts, and they can help you. Every good thought you send to another is a living force.
Thanks for the rec. I'm not sure when I'll embark on such a project. What drew you into programming work? Any notable projects?
I AM ROLLING TO A F R I C A im dying
Thanks. This young team keeps surprising me.
yes. I post my calls on actors access so if you submit on there i'll see it.
CHICAGO!LAST CHANCE TO ORDER YOUR VALENTINE DAY CAKE! Yummy heart shaped cakes, made with love for your honey. WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
“: Who thinks crosby will play this season?” I think he will miss the whole season. Severe vagisitus
eves droppin' muck
The way you view challenges in your life will influence their resolutions & outcomes. So view each challenge is an opportunity to evolve now
First day at ongoing. Can't wait to start learning!
Check your Air Conditioning Filters at least once a month!
It's a stupid song lol
Is Gaborik drunk?
Obama gave a nice talk at the dinner thing last night. Funny guy, maybe he should be a comedian instead - at least he's kinda good at that.
Gotta love a man in aviators!
No 💤 for the wicked he he he
thats cool,no pics w/me...
Ahh it seems like every month there are problems with Sallie Mae, I have not yet had one good experience with them -- the worst!
because simply, they can't see. They can't see the invisible ring of insanity that surrounds you when you're in love.
Hm you may have convinced me, at least for tonight. But what shall we do?!
thanks for the RT!
Washington, DC: come for the government jobs and crappy weather, stay for the lack of even symbolic representation in Congress!
Home with the boys while Steph's at a shower, and somehow they're both asleep at the same time.
S/O to for doing i106 daily VO yelling out all kinds of station ids ....... U crazy man!
I luv how Obama can change his stance on an issue n its calld n evolution but if ne1 else changes a stance on ne topic its calld flipfloppin
sorry to bother you, but were you able to find out about my script?
yep -- our stopped working after last big upgrade. As says, believe it had to do w/db structure.
And good morning to you kind sir. RT : Morning Patriots
My pleasure! Great to finally meet you guys!
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. -Kahlil Gibran
I just realized that I find myself on the bad part of the Internet do often because the Internet is bad.
Thank You! :D
lol oh girl he knows the peacock song! and excuse me ! you know she makes you dance ;)
Definition of "EX" = Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
wow - incredible shot with the T-38 lined up too
That moment when you realize your friend cool w. Somebody that dont like you . # Tragic "/
*sits pretty cus idk how to be anything else*
Yeap, I do get those thoughts believe it or not I just don't necessarily say them because I realize what an idiot I look like
Learned tonight that one of my managers likes to call me the "fucking stupid bitch" in semi-private (meaning away from me but before others)
Probably guilty but that's still funny!: The only thing Amanda Knox is guilty of is being a stone cold fox.
Going to bed at 10:30 it is now 9:53. I am now logging off of my laptop now tho', had a GREAT day today remembering 437 &1,003
Faith is not just believing... It's boldly trusting God without reservation.
Will you be at either event tomorrow night? Also, I emailed a bunch of media inquiries to to pass on to you. :)
Best thing to excite consumers about smart grids is to leverage energy data with consumer devices, making utility info fun & more available.
Check us out on with the Fooks and the Field Irish Dancers for #sdshamROCK this St. Patty's Day!
im so glad ur on strange music/strange lane, man cant wait for preserved!!!!!!¡!
and to you sir as well
RT : Chris Polk wins honors as the Seattle Sports Star Male Athlete of the Year. Keith Price accepts on his behalf. ...
Im still on the fence about going.....im scared of haha
Successful people have successful habits.
hey do you want an inlander subscription?
Baby Marcus is getting a Bruins onesie from me if Boston wins tonight's game. (My first official cousaunt gift.)
looking forward to catching your last show tomorrow night :)
Agreed! #Tacky RT ": Kickers with tatts = no, no"
yo, just wanted stop by n say u doin it right!Money ain't always #1.Lotta cats don't get dat. www.thekeyplayerz.com show goes on
Practice at 6am
wuzupppp twitter world
#Houston! Tonight! Joker's got tickets to The Royal Comedy Tour for tomorrow night at the Reliant Arena! !
Just got off of work! Yes (: So what's going on tonight?
Why am I tweeting about this? haha ah kbye
I don't give a shit what anyone says, I found that opening musical number delightful.
that was a dope moment
time to get that bike tuned, eh?
"win it before U cn buy it" wknd promo is up on
Tree of life....hm...might have worked for me without all the metaphysical stuff...
do you ever work? I need your job.
where you been at homie? was just around your hood
what did I win?
What are your New Year Resolutions? Share them with us!
Mr.Brown is Way Too Funny!!!
GUYS PLEASE HELP ME WIN THIS CONTEST! Im #TEAMFOLLOWBACK!(:
the way says alllllllllriiiiughhhttttt >
" AV Youth Appreciation Night " on Sat 3-3-12 at 7:30 PM for our game between the Los Angeles SLAM of Antelope Valley Vs San Diego SOL.
I feel like hell, quick someone bring me some water and a breakfast burrito stat. I'll be in my bed.
I love the pic you have the guy face craps me up
I FOUND IT BITCHES!!!!!!! I'M THE GREATEST STALKER EVER
wait what happened?!
Sweet dreams..
Its a hard knock life
You can still register for #ReachTheBeach - just show up at the start line of your preferred course. So easy! 5/19
You say I can tell you anything...then again I hear it from another person..& I only told you. #trustissues #friendnotfriend 😏😁
ALSO, i just watched Paris is Burning this past weekend. Can we have a ball? plz? I want to deliver some realness.
It's a great little tour! Very fun. The Pinot grigio is pretty awesome.
717 views on #TornOutPages. I can't believe this. I really am shocked and amazed but I don't know how to keep things going. EEP
don't lose you're mind! You need it! Lots of summer shows planned new schedule coming soon!
Young lady, is that an alcoholic libation you are drinking?
Follow now! For me plzz(;
Had another great day at "Riverside Arts Market". Sold a lot of prints but not any paintings.
that awkward moment when anthony&jonathan show up at your house & say you don't tweet a lot :P
Be an optimist - at least until they start moving animals in pairs to Cape Canaveral. -Unknown Author
My wife is trying to teach her dad how to play Plants vs. Zombies on the iPad. Ah, Christmas.
I Believe My #Feature Is Bright
Thanks for the mention!
Guess that's why they always land on their feet.
Ridiculous comedy own goal by SKC
who kissed me?
Woah is a Yankee now?
S/0 to Clevelands newest and most upcoming
no. Stop. Are you like pumpedd right now?!
Congratulations to our Tutor of the Month, Baron H!
I love that.
Ugh. That was a very weepy moment, watching my video game mother die in my arms as I weep over her...
Water Bobbles are awesome! And shit that sucks. Though I'd go to BBY for a phone over the carriers.
#BeautifulWeather Open today and tomorrow from 12-6pm. Bring family & friends, or come alone if you've had enough of them :) Cheers!
": ": dnt gt nan lol its n mi phn" I know that video too wild, u already sexy as fuc"«lol wys
I should have known you weren't worth my time.
Thanks! I agree!
I think ima try to go to sleep because ima b so tired in the morning lol i gotta get up at like 6 aclock
no i always read ur tweet
Damn, Spurs aren't doing so hot ad they get all the pieces back
Vampire life
Ravens take DT DeAngelo Tyson with seventh round pick. Should be a good backup for Terrance Cody with Brandon McKinney leaving for Colts.
#YouKnowImMad if I text you "K"
Leaving Davenport Iowa after 3 days of workshops. Enjoyed staying in Moline. A very cool downtown. Shoutout to Dead Poets Coffee House.
u are full of sass tonight
Ended the night with
shit over here gettin to the money and workin on this music! wen u get back ?
Everyone is getting hacked. Please make ur passwords longer. Lol. Just got another "ppl r talking bad about u" dm. Lol! "/ ugh...
I extremely dislike how my friends are friends with my ex.
back on the twitter train! ep's coming out in two months or so! there are 4 shows booked! life is good.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
were you hacked? or are you all about people starting their own business?
eating meat on ash wednesday and hanging up on deaf people...not a good start to lent
Video stream!??! I'm excited!
Happy holidays everyone!
oh my dad just knocked all of my stuff over c o o l
what time you going over there?
Living on Popsicles and Powerade. The only part of me that appreciates being sick is my ass. Ugh.
Happy 30th anniversary - lives have been saved thx to your reporting!
The world changes every day. As technology advances, change accellerates its pace. Position yourself in the right place at the right time.
Eh..........really don't wanna sleep. Bout to hit up Lisa and see if she's trying to go work out. Need some assistance today lol
ditto...wonder if they are gonna be just as glitzy or less so cuz it's the U.S.
nah he said hello.. lol
okay going to chill out for a while. Tweet me and I'll respond when I get back!:)
Let’s promote peace and tranquility - TUC
I'll keep em comin - don't know if you saw but www.crowdclick.com has MKE deals and today is Hotch-A-Do 50% off
Last "long" run before the mini.... oh man, I was struggling! I just finished a 6.04 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
mobile is broken end i gona bay iphone 4
#SaaScon Gene power user of Google apps, gPlatform. Innovation key consideration. $50 per user per year. Simple, Avail, Flexible, mobility
Yeah..that's true! Most of my friends I hang out with are go to my church! :)
he has arms like a T-Rex
*fingers crossed* that my car is ready today!
I wanted both Jamar and Juliet to be on the show together so heartbreaking!
Remember, society considered women as all liberal radicals. 
I'm making cupcakes today in honor of National cupcake day!
but babe there ain't no way you're #gay :)
So it's new jack Citi for the opponents. Where's Judd Nelson and Ice-T?
lol we aint go! Cause they aint wanted to make tht drive so i macked on fat hoes till i gt bored
": "Morpheus There's a difference between knowing the path, and walking the path." by Matrix" yes, yes there is...hm
's dad is making chicken alfredo tonight. Ohman.
question about whether there's any interest in history of music notation processing - answer: no
great game u almost had one
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Billy Cundiff's cool under pressure
why six many question, you the tweeter police. Im my jay-z COME AND GET ME
cancelled my home phone and ordered 10Mbps internet.
they are all great cities, but Austin and San Antonio would be my two recommendations
Enjoying last 2 nights in hotel then off to our new place on Monday. yay.
#nbaplayoffs game on the line and you can choose a past or current player to take the last shot...who would it be?
we would like to do our talks at future WP ATL meet-ups if that's ok
Today's shooting schedule: Living room, backyard, toilet, living room
he is doing what all GOP does. Create their own truth to fit their purpose. Words mean what they want them to mean.
I never really eat meals at set times. Just when I'm hungry.
Cat bagpipes
haha perfect! That's us definitely!! I miss u! Merry Christmas to u tell zach I said merry Christmas too!!!
I never saw the movie, but the book is really tedious
forever trying to figure out my life...
Rent to Own Electronics Furniture Computers starting at $19.99 per week PLUS TWO FREE WEEKS on Friday, Nov 26th. Sale starts 10am
ha thanks girl!! Hope you get what you have always wanted!! Merry Christmas! see you soon!!
The producer's cut is the best!!
Aw! Well, it'll be waiting for you when you get back!
Very true.
Forecast for Sunday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to 69 near...
"The Sun avoids harmful fossil fuel pollutants also, such as mercury, sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen oxides."
lol! + can only hope!+
Omg I got a follow that said Austin Mahomies and thats all I saw and i thought it was you:( its not:'(
that was stupid. Chloe would be happy for her! And Abby's just jealous that maddie didn't get picked am I right?
I want a taser.
#churchplanters The city He has called you to has people & families that need to hear the gospel! Never enough churches, ANYWHERE!
Yea, i'll tell her to try an see you.
“ #Libra's are bossy and headstrong, while still being caring and good listeners.”
my pleasure!
#FF or else i will eat all of your food!!!
I hate New York giants,ya city yal city cool thou
just saw a baptist church can. Should I chase after it for you?
Diversity discounts now at Palm Springs Travelodge, Rio Azul Mexican Bar and Grill, Johnny Costa's Ristorante, AND Ontario Mills Mall!!!!
We miss ya dude!
I heard it was 80 degrees today in Charleston & beautiful. Hope you all got in some good beach time. Wish I was there.
Sorry to that girl who don't know what love means
Its called a Cloud or a Horde. I like Horde, myself. =]
Dang looks like shoulda bought a lottery ticket.
Have we mentioned that The Cat's Meow will be back tonight for our bi-monthly $15 manicure+martini special at ? Manis 10-1am!
LIKE! RT : I feel like whenever sumn is goin wrong or bad happening to me... God is just doin it to see how strong I really am
Hi Paul. I'm Bryan . Send us an email at about bulk & wholesale orders. cc
Who will be watching the #NBA Game of the Week? #BUCKS vs. #Knicks tonight at 7:30 ET!
Well you did a great job! I commented on the blog. Hope you dont mind.
Surprising how quickly people raised their hands on the elevator question!
So excited to be joining the team at south okc lifechurch.tv this summer!
Man I'm glad RosettaStone accepts returns. Haha.
Thank you, Jerricka, it was great to see you too. We're doing it again in June! #yeah!
There's actually lots of native plants and wildlife here at Archives HQ too. Go green government!
i think so.. he didnt die from lol..
thanks for the retweet Ms. Team Red. :) #loveanimals too :) Have fun in Miami!
My friends are hilarious.
Decided to try out First up: In The Plex by
When it's hot outside and you can't wear shorts cuz it looks like you are wearing polka dotted tights 24/7.... Damn razor burn 
i wasnt mad I wouldnt switchjust to win I did it because i was bored and i switched back becausei was tired ofnades
Looking forward to keynote by at ARLD on Friday
It's so beautiful out #lovethisweather ☀☀☀
I need something more relaxing to write. King Diamond or Darkthrone work best. Unless I need to really focus than it's Venom.
Way to go Dusty from brewers ground crew!!!
Sunset Garden Club mtg @ Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow @ noon will feature Companion Planting, presented by Richard Cutbirth, Master Gardener.
its funny because I can RT this and have it make sense ;)
Thanks for a great show tonight at Welcome back to Colorado!
High dose Vitamin C has been clinically proven to enhance your natural collagen production! 1500mg daily"
only in wisconsin.. 10 pm news has a feature story of a bear in the beer cooler of a grocery store. i need to watch the news more often.
Cold hearted tear your feelings apart
Umm ne needs a shut down corner champ bailey for gronk straight up
Rain, rain, rain ... too much for Daytona. Is the 500 going to start today ... or will it be delayed????
Hey young lady out there!! You CAN #love completely again. Not only AGAIN, but even BETTER; when u #Love thru Love (God)
cannot wait to see you in #Asheville in November!
Anxiety getting the best of me again
Thanks for broadcasting my presentation on "Founding Rivals!"
it's allergy-induced bronchitis and sinusitis. And it blows.
hey morning
take care! signed, Guy Who Doesn't Know You But Really Likes Your Twitstyle
lmao who yo team? I hope it's the Thunder
If you really missed me, you'd be putting in the effort to see me.
getting bald it's so sad but ironically my mind is getting brighter and sharper .. i
Sen Mike Johnston finally finishes explanation of literacy bill amdmts.
okay that's cool
Sadly it's not. See the fakepr/realpr links.
Oh single self checkout at Copley, will you ever recognize my book?
Had a great time last night ! Specifically
you're not the only 1 who finished semester 1 at UD with a 2.3. Heck, I even lost a scholarship for a bit bc I wasn't focused.
#ScottWalker must not want women to vote for him. #RecallWalker for equal pay!
First sighting of at #solutionsdr in
m. On a diet and in MD :(
believe imma drink some serene water real soon lol
thanks for the plug. Have you tried my #BBQ Sauce?
Shopping at the mall for conservative clothing is always a fun challenge.
knowin that this is my last year makes me sad but knowing my family & friends have taught me life lessons for the real world makes it better
Following and at the same time this evening is really bizarre.
Im on a re-tweeting spree right now
This Michigan and perdue game is actually pretty good
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould set up college funds for my niece and nephew, and my baby who is due next week. Help my mommy, sisters, & brother. <3
i miss you kid :c
Pretty pumped bout Monday..goin to dollywood,the Hollywood wax museum n chow down at hard rock all with my girl friend..yea I love her!
But I'm sure OSU duo of Smith & Herbie really "high" on Urban & the Bucs! Defense hasn't been good last 2 yrs. Tolzien<Wilson 2
Uses the "J Edgar" example because MPAA + Hoover are kindred spirits (or should I say demons) right along with Joseph McCarthy.
that tweet was sent to my phone right as that part was on the radio #weird haha #Swaggie <3
hmm. which new songs should i cover? (;
I think it would be awesome to legally change my name to Hugh G Rection, then when I stay in hotels use my old name to hide my identity.
Restaurant week . . . explain. BTW, lots of people tweeting that Robert Irvine from FoodTV was in town yesterday.
The lakers are THE WORST @ tansitioning to defense! Sprint to the paint then stop the ball idiots!
can you scout it independent of pitching performance? who are the best?
don't get me started.
Just came across the author's name "Takewaki Izuru". I guess "Tatewake Hikaru" isn't beyond the realm of possibility.
You made a fool of yourself.
me too. But I'm glad I watched it.
OMG you are SO fucking hot...
Oh yes,haha. While unpacking today I found that dress and it brought back that funny moment. lol.
I've been great, you :)
RT : More than 1 million iPhone 3GS models sold in first three days, Apple says
that is the rub, I'm a big believer in ending all this long hour crap in jobs. Over 40 hours and the brain is mush, it's fact
Treat each other with love and respect. Show your kids that being happy parents is a good thing.
A run to Sonic Drive Thru after school on a Friday. Awesome stuff.
That's why I ain't wit da pressure...don't ask me shit ion do da checkin..
Wait that one Snoopy where Woodstock had to rebuild Snoopy's doghouse after Lucy threw a surprise party for Charlie Brown...
great time at CLA conference connecting with old and new friends
Anyway I can email you about those In ears?
My Siri texted me her resignation and quit. Said something about going to hair school. What a bitch.
haha, for once! ;D
whenever possible, when u have time
well hello monday. i will try not to judge you on your first impression...
RT : Is your picture just a cookie cutter version of what the photographer does, or is it a great picture of YOU! Could make...
Thanks for helping! RT : Chefs paired w schools help w plan healthy meals, Austin without a #chef. Come on #Austin pls...
That's the number i've been texting you from
OHH YEAAH ! lol thats who i thought it was, but yeah and when i cheated on @&%$^%$ with ^$^%#^ lol
Oh, it's been way too long since I read those (in translation)
dont worry bro trust me shes way better off w/ u
and I love you back for being one of the sweetest people I've ever met! =)
lol not me !
when my friends call me because WMYB is on the radio >>>>>
Whaa?! I'm crazy excited for you!!!
That's true.. I'm still on season 2.
I'm plenty realistic about Weeks' struggles, but wishing injury or being happy about it is asinine.
Thursdays are #LadiesNights at Grazie! All the ladies drink for free from 9-11PM -- Come see us!
RT : Tip #58: One way to make your company stand out is to address what your customers don't like about your industry.
and I remember you telling me this!! I'm still surprised by it!! Maybe he is waiting for the very very loyal ones ;)
School-.- thaank god its friday(;
: Check out 13 year old cover of Perfect...if you like it then make sure you follow her!!! <Superb yung talent
nothin,forget it
Three books I need to reread soon: Microserfs, Girlfriend in a Coma, and Cleveland Anonymous.
yes they r but I was talking about the foul on Kansas they were trying to take Jones out
At Harris Theatre Chicago ready to honor one of my students selected as a #Posse Scholar at #DePauw next year! Congrats Fredrick!
Won my first round match of the WPT 1k HU and have a bye in round 2!
I was just thinking that the other day! Luckily, I can only draw stick figure animals so really not my style.
...the social network system is so stupid! All of my friends on fb came from myspace now all of my twitter followers came from both!
Obviously I haven't had much time to dwell on social media. But seems like everytime I load up GooglePlus it has a new layout. Blarg!
With my favorite hoes tonight<3 & oh and blake(;
These shorts i bought to sleep in look like boyshorts on me, i think they were meant for girls with no ass or thighs lol
“: Hey guys. You can help today! Use #MKETwestivalCares & they get $1/tweet from !”
cow face
Ok mom...that thing where you put socks in pairs, I guess were not doing that anymore
good luck to ur boys. Chomp Chomp. Beat Bama
This dirty ass bitch just tried to come for me..... don't do it is all imma say !!!!!!
Haha thanks :D
thanks donna! looking forward to seeing u! :)
Thanks for following us back and for your info-graphic.
Her friend delores gets on my nerves everyday!
we couldn't. Too much traffic.
Mother's Day is coming up! I want to thank all the mommies who have loved us from day zero. You are
you're gonna look gorgeous! Love you! :)
What galls me is, due to an inept police dept.,the only way Zimmerman can be convicted is the jury ignores the lack of evidence.
Then you know who to call when you want your dry-cleaning RT : Someone just ask me what if the bring in Jermaine Gresham
i got $ on liaison, and DAddy Long Legs!!! (lucky number is 21 and the #s are 20 and 1 :)
No food in this damn house like always -_-
#Blackparentsquotes "I brought you in this world and I will take you out"
so pumped for the tailgate tomorow!!!
new name is
nahh, just comfortable enough to admit it. Hell I'm not embarrassed to admit loving Barbra Streisand, like I was in h.s. lol
what stories? Corey throwing salad?
Is anyone shocked by Victoria Jackson's stupid gay rant? The woman made her career saying stupid things on SNL. That wasn't just a character
I just got instagram tye other day and I definitely think I'm addicted lol
Is loving better than being loved?
Have to cut out of my office job for a bit so I can go to an audition where I pretend to be at an office job.
Hopeing I get that #badassbikeframe from my Friend. Thinking about taking on Some Bmx challenges when I get all the parts for it!!!
I hate when I tell somebody I'm dying my hair and they ask what color... The same color I've been dying it for months now, idiots.
I could hang out for a couple hours... want me to come over? I just have to be home by 4
love yaa to
you're welcome! :]
hey! it's great for even when you've left it at a friend's!
They don't let you change the channel at the Byrne Dairy?
when is yo trunk party
what flick?
#saysomethin was amazing
i don't wanna be in this class
Hi everyone, I’m Megan Zimmerman Director of Marketing 4 Xorbix Technologies, excited to tweet with you 2night!
are awesome. thank you!!
I can't wait for tmrw night I get to see my fav reality star not yet on TV
Who is going home?? Tough choice.
Jule Sigall, from Microsoft. Illustrates the issues w registries through 1940 census, organized (for now) by neighborhood
way to keep on them..... thanks!
Do you work tomorrow or Friday?
Retweet if you DARe
the weekend starts in an hour and a half.
will do! Love my Davisaur. :)
We are open till 3pm today...
With a ton of chronic so we blazed that shit till I woke up...best dream ever!
supposed to hang out*
Any Time I Kiss A Boi His Dick Gets On Hard Lol
LOL sometime after August when the new cd come out
I WANNA GO TO PLANET WALIEN ND EAT ICE CREAM :) <3
and my mommy have the same birthday<3 wednesdays gonna be the best day<3 (:
Come on now we both know everyone was showing off for me, who are we kidding ;D
4th-round steals so far (in order): Lamar Miller (a star-in-the-making), Alameda Ta'amu, Kirk Cousins
..thank you so much for your continual support. We won't let you or anyone with a love for music down.
I have three guys with ladder in my office working on the clicking that has slowly been driving me insane for the last 3 months. I <3 them.
RT : To win, you must first believe.
Hey i'll have a very merry christmas if you would so kindly follow me :)
Hey Bentley! Don't prove urself to anyone. Stick with the people that will support u, not cut u down. :)
I tried to get him to be more specific but couldn't get any more than I did.
Who's going to slice night tonight?
It's raining, it's pouring, my old, fat, weird, chihuahua dog is snoring....louder then usual :P
Yes, mine RT Are too many California kids labeled English language learners? kpbs.org/news/2012/jan/… via
I love ur dancing
hello :) hello :) hello amazing one :)
#OOMF needs to wake the fxck up!
Chandler is HOT! He'd better cool down before he gets that 2nd tech.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 29
good morning !!!!!☀😁💛school is officially over for u-rise it to the roof ^ woot woot^^^👽coming over tonight !
"Pretty bad"? Scoreless thru 6, now 2-0. Quite a blowout ... if this were soccer.
I see lmaao hi :)
6pm, but people trickle in at all times. we'll be outside unless it's bad out!
Our new Phoenix Arizona location opens next week!
thanks for the mention.
first I had mizouno but they changed so I don't like them and then I had brooks and they were okay and new balance was good too:)
Had a hearty breakfast of ice cream sundae. I'm finally taking responsibility for my health.
thunders the best in the west!
The vows coming out asdfghjkl :)
thanks for the repost
Who runs the cafepress site?
No need to! Flexibility and mobility is the name of the game post and pre workout. Dynamic stretching pre and static post
Anyone gotten #salesforce #chatter to work on #blackberry torch? Hung on blue logo entry screen
yeah she has, sometimes an uncomfortable conversation.
The world never promised to be fair, but it's done its level best to be sweet.
Shoutout to for the #FollowFriday love. Let's do the same for him.
you're a fag.
Sad Davie Bowie is huge in Japan.
Anybody thinking about picking up Lollipop Chainsaw?
That is full of win right there.
This is why you are still married.
an INCH !!! hahaha makes a whole lot of difference hahah
Chris Stewart may be the most clutch Yankee on this team.
am so happy The Artist won! wonderful film.
I like to stun the spider with hairspray, leaving it disoriented and highly flammable. It goes "FWOOM" and then there's no spider remains.
I added an extra 100 channels to my cable package in October just so I wouldn't miss was brilliant. Bad call.
We've partnered with Toyota of Boerne & ! Our valet team will be accepting your food #donations until March 31.
There's no way you're 18, you look like you're about 16.
Nice. Well, I'm looking to upgrade as soon as a quadcore hits T-Mobile.
There should be a reddit for fashion news. Does that exist and I just don't know about it yet?
Ohmygoshhh. I love my last RT.
Adam is pretty much telling Pip he's going home tonight!
Just teat drove the Scion xD aha smooth ride bro!! xD
Look at it this way, now you are prepared for any wine party that comes along.
sharing his own family history and interest in genealogy.
thanks for sharing!
bummer we didn't get to connect! hope you had a safe trip home, and please let me know if you ever pass thru Kansas City
Wacks likes coffee [----- this much ------], am I right? RT It's much more pleasant
Saw Deathlyhallows Pt. 2 Best Movie Ever. Had me in legit tears at least 3 times.
tomorrow? :) im gonna eat dinner now
for sure!
Toots restaurant pronounced with an oo sound, not uhts sound. Also the oo in the word are highlighted on the waitress breast
They better put this online!
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements can eliminate the stress of financial and other issues between spouses.
how does a blind guy do math doe :o
"Happily ever after?" We did 2 corporate events with Fairy Tale themes this month. New trend?
My coach is going to kill me tomorrow
RT : Listening to new the mixes of next album.... it's a damn #BEAST ! I can't wait!! When is it due out?
I will never get tired of listening to red hot chilli peppers
Cable at Internet installed, back on the grid baby!!
if you can get a portfolio you can get notice
Thinking about ways can engage #RocYPs. Any Ideas?
Would love to read this, but your link doesn't go to your blog?
Just saw one of the freakiest avi's on my timeline lol smh
i don't have my hands on one to see where it might fit in programming exposure- I did do CMK in san antonio ISTE
Minister orders probe into ballot paper shortage reports
One last one on this topic...Nina Long is finer than Gabby
Hey Anusha! This is the show Ashwin and Tushar were telling you about! Great skyping yesterday!
“: she got the right fucking one ; * she dont want it thooo ; *”
agreed. Good job pushing for concise answers.
On the pho wit
Listening to My Wish, missing and Laura!
don't you worry your pretty little mind, because people throw rocks at things that shine.
#AAS3rdCentury to this side convo about jrnls: peer review lag time, opaque review processes not necessarily solved by digital process.
Mister Fister. Tigers on Big Fox.
Monday's not a good day, got a jam packed schedule, Tuesday afternoon?
Signed for my house today. Officially living in North Carolina! Moving in tomorrow :)
Lovely photograph! Congrats
Trader Joe's pasta with Belgo Anise Imperial Russian Stout. Thick and spicy. Just like my men.
Nice to have someone with whom you can share brief encryptions, descriptions, and notes in the dark... If not What's one more lost letter?
#NavDiff kiosk is @ MuMA. Sites in S. Africa & Peru want to host the exhibit too! Where would you like to see dialogue on immigration? Why?
Please follow us at - We can then discuss your server. ^SW
yeah durant is struggling but westbrook is hurting you guys so much, trying to take the game into his hands and its not working
As someone who doesn't have HBO and has never seen an episode of Lena Dunham's "Girls," I've read way more about it than I should have.
Where is my biggest support base? Tweet "(Your State/Country) Loves Nicholas Tetreault" and I might just RT! ;)
On top of it I have work :(
good morning 😄
Life is only tolerable at 4:45 am when one is flying to Florida. (currently -4 here 71 there)
you good?
the Apollo Theater Education Program's having great discussions with educators at booth 814 at
he's doing great, couldn't ask for more!! Would love to bring in more guys from your program!!
Scuba certification classes this weekend!
So, I got Saturday school..
i need 2 ask do u model clothing
I'm here bitches let's talk now !
I care most about reading the tweets of those I follow, yet I still look at my number of followers b4 I read their tweets. #HumanNature ?
nothing much, just watched the new victorious and felt like checking this again :)
looking at aqua team hunger force. then I'm going to bed after this
Addicted to the new album. Hope everyone is having a great day.
of course I am. At the crib.
Getting in #NYC today...
Hot tea
Too bad, I love chopped n screwed shit >.>
how u been girlie!!!
STOP!! Trust me... a TV like this is an INVESTMENT!! Better to spend $500 for a damn good one that will last
lost 1 pound since his last weigh-in! He's lost 19.6 pounds so far.
I'm up for the challenge
awesome, good to know. I'll get started on it soon thanks
I would just like to add that I HATE Funny Games.
The only part of my body I like is my eyes. Yeh so pretayyyy
Damn these women, . . all they do is talk about EACH OTHER
I can't view the links you posted for Gina Brillon and Doug Schneider. Is there a version that doesn't require a facebook login?
Angela bassett crazy as hell in this movie
ok I'll try to.
Holy cow #30RockLIVE was amazing tonight! If you missed it, SHAME ON YOU!
ouch! What happened?
brb pulling my amazing iphone outta my ass you gotta wait till tomorrow den xo
The only guy who will forever have my heart . ♥
now you know better. It's high school, showing up and doing the work is 85% of the battle.
Yea u get attention from stayin in a dudes face but that let's them know your easy ITS NOT CUTE!!
Youngest wants me to make her choc from scratch. Keeps asking where we can get cacao! (This after bringing home lib. book)
we out to Pacha Saturday
Ah, gotcha. That would be ridiculously late.
I just want a place to sit with my laptop. I promise to consume a coffee or scone on the hour every hour.
Jus hoping shit gets better for us :/
Nope, is a new one to me. Golden Compass?
Sir, you are awesome!
you got it man!
“: Met my goal a week & 4 days ahead of schedule! 22 lbs since starting bootcamp" #PrideConditioning get results!!!
you make me smile girl
RT : Wines inspired by the spirit of rock 'n roll - pretty cool concept by and reasonably priced....
Can't make some one talk to u
Are you an Independent looking to increase your fanbase? Musicalstop.com
Sniffle nose, mouth breather, finger snapper sitting directly behind me in the library
Edge Spears His Way Into the Hall
Ok, need to be prosperous today - I'm on it! Thanks phriend!
I need relief
you are my hero!
She won't be lonely long. (:
Tell Her About It by Billy Joel was the #1 song on this day in 1983. Billy is my man.
today im so thankful 4 the Lords Grace,his luving heart.4 allowing me 2 b with family b4 they part,and for my sons health.
Boston is a physical team so PP for one or both makes more sense
Do you think people would buy crucifix dildoes?
sounds great!
Nationals catcher Wilson Ramos was kidnapped in Venezuela on Wednesday night
That is a BIG FAT ZERO JOKE. NO one in their right mind will take her seriously, especially in politics. No one cares about them.
Happy Birthday to our good friend and partner Reggie Moore of the Center for Youth Engagement! Thank you for all of ur help!
In English with (:
Really good stuff, indeed!! I wish I could have made it to the concert.
thank you sir! No gametrackers for this game... all we have is a big east page that refreshes every 5 minutes lol
I haven't really listened to All Time Low in YEARS. I'll stick to the old stuff only, though.
no I'm not really going to #deathray your grandmother
congrats on j paul winning. That's what's up! The whole fam won something tonite. Go Pacers & J Paul!
I think it's right next to Macarthur Park
Now family time! There is nothing better!
Good morning fellow tweeters, I promise not to be selling anything this morning. Life is good.
CD Release party tonight @ Katerina's for The Rose Colella Trio's new album "Small Hours" 10-1 katerinas.com
Finally!!! Dodgers are going down #SFGiants all the way
"In 2006 Judge Wilson penned a children's book called Hot House Flowers, which was an allegory for illegal immigration..."
you stopped following me. ;-\
thank u so much for the RT :) Question: What is your best advice for an actor?
When this girl doesn't text me < 😰
My new mantra... RT : so true! : Repeat after me: double-opt-in, double-opt-in, double-opt-in.... :)
Yes- traveling and speaking a bunch this month, creating new audio product, grateful for life.
& it's only ONE WAY to find out !
cash out is SO FINE.
Welcome Love the new twitter page and website! Attention fans of modern architecture.
have a safe Halloween weekend everybody!
Congrats Donna!!! That is awesome!
God is not safe. But he calls you to trust in Him and go boldly ahead. In that you will find yourself content in the journey without fear.
Invest in ur product. More money and hustle u put in it.. the more u come out on top..
do yall remember those rumors about niall ex died of cancer..... well there not true she if fully alive and fully pissed cause of the rumors
I wish that I could hate you half as much as I hate myself.
“: You need to score here, bases loaded. Come on! #Cubs” Speaking about that. DeJesus!!
Why dreaded?
will do! thanks for the #shoutout and follow!
Don't tell me you miss me if you're not willing to do anything about it.
also The Tamale Place on the west side is ridiculous!
This kid from college hits me up nearly everyday... He doesn't realize we were only friends because he gave me rides
Please follow me! I follow back always! #ICONIc XD
It's NOT hard at all!!! :-) You deserve it...
- irrespective of theories and explanations you can come up with, true believers, like it or not will say its the work of God
The Legendary Earl Scruggs with Family & Friends: Friday, March 11 · 8:00pm / Paramount Theater of Charlottesville. Bluegrass Roots.
Even though it's fucked up girl I'm still fucking wit ya damn
Monday morning session at PaLA, Penn State: Rethinking Public Libraries.
Hi Shawn, hope you had a kickin birthday.
Fun fact: I was in play version of The Hobbit in high school...I played Gloin the Dwarf.
Dream Project #21: Creating a graphic recording that vitalizes brain storming and elevates the energy in the room.
#UMWFA12 day 1 was a blast. Looking forward to day 2!
LOL I wish! Ive been working every weekend. My days off are during the week so I don't have time to get LIVE. :/
tumblr ? I'll follow you if you follow me c:
Al I need your help with the Outer Space Men video you made at the comic con Email me!!! www.theouterspacemen.com thanks, Gary
you were totally my favorite person today. :)
I swear if he doesn't shut up.....
Expecting a good TrailFactor showing at the Hagg Lake Ultra training run this Sunday morning.
Love u
Great effort & victory for !
Aww... just seeing this. Thanks, Chris! :) RT : your girls are ADORABLE!!!
you move on quick. ha, what a joke.
Thanks for the follow- enjoy your TGIF
The prologue scene will be released Friday, February 17th! this is an introduction to the villain Craw and why he wears the mask
correction: free chicken strips tomorrow. not today.
So true! Welcome to our new 'normal'. Definitely will not be doing the same-old, same-old,
Everyone wishes they were Stan, then they could be a ratchetass bitch!
We hope everyone had an enjoyable and safe Labor Day weekend!
good night!!.. lol
#crrunconf I want examples of community media centers that are working
Happy Mother's Day, Mom. You put up with more insanity in a week than most should in a lifetime.
Omg (': RT : “: The origins of "le".” knock that shit off
Well-Tended Flower Children - New York Times
School This morning, Totally not Looking forward to it. But its Friday :D
Got time to chat tomorrow?
humor video cracked
Laying in bed with #cuddling nd tweeting xD
Congrats to your daughter for getting the grades to get into the college of her choice. Fantastic.
Bed time.
Too far? I'm in such a goofy mood tonight. Probably time for bed.
meredith has now taken my job twice, once as TODAY show co-host, now as producer--wrong, just wrong! Spread the love around!
Should be AT the game, but I'll settle for watching at my Hill desk. Just heard fighter jets en route to #Nats Stadium
Good Morning to all our twitter fans! Luv your tweets! Want more of them!! Enjoy your day today!
ever since I was a kid i had this thrill for technology i would be able to fix anything just like that and today it all pay's of Geek Squad
Thank you for the mention Kris!
Thanks Serge....
I keep waiting for the NCAA to announce that last night's performance by the Anthony Davis Five was just an April's Fool Stunt, but....
I am loving the "best of" ..... but it seems like there should be a "best balcony" award... NOLA has some great ones.
good luck tonight ! See you Friday :)
I don't think that'll happen. I bet it goes to a game 7
vocals! I wrote this song and I think you'd be perfect for the chorus. What's your rate? If interested PM plz :)
hi, i saw your lime-a-rita tweet last week, where did you by it? can't find it anywhere!
It's been 4 1/2 years since I was a cop and my hand writing is still in ALL CAPS about half the time
I'm not saying this to be crass...but I think I just saw...an androgynous drunk retarded person. Smoking. Stumbling. Grinning. Shocking.
MLB season. Must... resist... U-verse upgrade...Ah!!!!
im always #smile -ing because of you !(:
Thank you for your support of our military service members, veterans and their families!
m, add some pignoli nuts and you're ready for pesto!
It's their idea so we can't let that happen. All anybody wants is to be able to get good care for a price they can afford.
it says I have 0 views
So me and brandon were driving down the road and a bird hit the wind shield and i screamed and got laughed at. :(
YAY, so excited to have my very first followers, hope we can chat soon. I am heading up to bed now, maybe on a sunday
I watch how people react when talking to them so i do not bore them...
no, no, no just no. I can't. Sophie can't be gone, let's all pray that she's okay. oh.my.god
dammit, gotta waste the time
VONA (Vikings Of The North Atlantic) star and left gaurd for the New York Giants is starting tonight. Tune in.
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return. ~Antoine De Saint-Exupery
idk either maybe to see exactly what he had to defend himself against. He knew something was coming but not exactly what
How does one get an invite to check out the new Google+ ? How about a response. Asking again.
Friday Fun Fact: Earth Day is held April 22 to increase awareness & appreciation of Earth’s natural environment.
I can't wait. Our First Daughter will be graduating From LAW School.
I just started watching a shot-for-shot remake of the Hangover..only with monkees and souteast asia instead of tigers and vegas.
Ohhay and Aaron thinks the way I sign my name is 'exciting'. Win. And I got a hundred when he graded my paper SO I DON'T LOOK STUPID!!!
life can be very tough....but, when one day stinks, just go to bed, rest for a few hours, and then get up and try, again!
Thompson square you really need to fire her stylist. not sure which look ais worse performance or red carpet.
Thank you so much for inspiring me everyday! All of you Boyz are so amazingly talented 💙 thanks for everything I love You💙
Off to Dallas then Atlanta!
time to wish for you to follow me!(: <33
what's up??
NFL Sunday's are awesome, but maybe the hawks should play on every Thursday night! What a win!
There's a reason why I hate being home, it's mainly because your such a cantankerous bitch
After pushing through the cold night, we have stopped in Illinois for breakfast at the Cracker Barrel ("C to the B" as puts it).
Where is harry at?!
Ever wanted to do #MMA or self-defense classes? #Deal: $300 worth of classes at Austin F.I.T. for only $45 if you use code: FreeBeeSocial
Okay, I've said it before, I"ll say it again.
Not n a good mood this AM. But, it'll get better...visit w/fam, cook, then chick-food-wine (anti-Superbowl) party w/my girls.
Happy birthday, Mr. President!
Am I the only human being whose thoughts are unordered?
This does not surprise me, but where did you hear this?
It was.... Soap... Poisoning.... Ah. "ah, I told you not to use Lifeboy"
Xavier drives to the hoop uncontested! Now the #Aztecs have a 90-85 lead with 3 mins left in OT. TCU takes a 30 sec timeout.
now you know how I felt when you, and were all over my twitter feed about that damn baseball stadium...
I'm just good like that (: lol (not really)
I'm trying but its so close to my vacation
Thank you! RT Listening to author Susan Henderson talk about her novel "Up From The Blue" & the writing process.
#NP.. "Hate Sleeping Alone" (I was in love 2 years ago & gave the baggage to my ex that's all for her to carry, bags she deserves to carry)
Never let a person bring u down u bring them down and hurt them were it really hurts!wen a peron hits u u hit back isnt abuse its selfdefens
It will be a show stopperRT : ACT partner show next season... Grey Gardens. So exciting!!!
i cant stand this laptop
I'm really shhh! Don't tell anyone. :D
Corner, USA. Conceded by Rafael Marquez.
listening to warm up for their show in our little library for children. la la la la!
There's a new Turkish-inspired bar - Tel'Veh - coming to 401 Mass Ave, NW ... will serve Turkish coffee.
Hi - thanks Byron. :)
Join us at #FETC room S230F to see the #evscicats Anatomy of a Revolution
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll like yourself so much better!
#Nuts: #Pistachio is an old friend. It is rich in #protein, #Omega-3 and 6. Helps improve good
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them more.
I wish JJ would have hit Noah harder.
That feeling when you know that you have lost your best friend and you can't do anything about it.<<<<<<<<<<
It's all or nothing.
If the Republicans do not have a strong turn out in November they will never win the elections
By law all political analysts should not be allowed to use polling data to make a point. They're wrong, citing snap data doesnt help
New Multi-Faceted Comedy CD Coming Soon! Get Your Laugh On!
how do you think I'm tweeting you right now?? Lol
I LOVE THE READY SET!
More than 1,000 people at Shaun Wild memorial at Brown Deer High School.
Hippo cologne anyone??? It's on 10TV this morning....no joke??
i am flying high of bitch!! If you dont like what i say Fuck You!! lol
So far, only 1 has been proved to do anything wrong. Also, only one of them initiated their investigation. Can you see this bias?
Hi, ! I'll be living in St. Johns in about a week. Hope to meet you one day! Thanks for the intro,
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube, I follow back got you tell some friends we tOwW uP, HELP!!! us gain more fans THANKS...
I like "Smash". There, I said it.
Whoa these girls think they can shuffle better than me. Not gonna happen.
Can you please DM more details? Which particular group are you referring to? Then we can get it taken care of!
Venable singles!! Just need a homer. I wanna see history!
would love to see you in Munich!
What you'll wear and how you will style you hair for gameday. Maybe finishing work to enable you to go to gameday also
What it is ??? Presh8 the shout out....
Familiar indeed. :) Hope it goes swimmingly for you, and thanks again for the kind words!
I'll report back with empirical findings. (i.e. is it or is it not amazing and delicious?) ;-)
I sware ihate wen ppl.walk around playing their music on their phones , loud ! Likee
Thank you for all the RTs and mentions this week!
#thatawkwardmoment when doesn't know that people will love his video <3
It's really hard to take any professional serious when they sound exactly like Napoleon Dynamite.
wow. headache. not as bad as I thought it would be.
thank you do much!!!
I really want to make a difference in people lives !
thnx man! Ha, actually (and this is why all posters should say the year) we did that show last June!
Holy crap. Do NOT buy the box. What a POS. Now it can't even wake from sleep without a hard reboot.
It's such a fun record that I feel like I'm getting away with something when I listen to it.
“: Miller 64 is gross” very gross.
save the bud light round for me!
best timeout entertainment so far; 's Justin Beiber freak out during clippers game. Too funny!
shepard smith is gay. For real. Well known in media circles
Today was so much fun.(:
My favorite Mexican Restaurant was really crowded tonight, for some reason. And the beer was cheap.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 14
cute kid....was that a lhasa he almost ran over?
Seriously? Did some girls forget to do their hair? This is national TV!
haha.... Went to Pinky's last week. Friend ordered the White Trash Burger and paired it with a PBR. #newcombo!
I would love a baby kitten.
I hate being with drunk people 😒
What the F! you knew about this a long time ago!
my first SLA conference was a great experience...now looking forward to a relaxing weekend :)
Hmm coffee always fucks up stomach
TRAK Records and Library is looking for a Livelink Records Manager in the Washington, DC area. Contact me for details!
i just wanna yell at her and say I will not watch Disney channel for the rest of the 5 years I'm living with u! Grr she is mean
That make 2 of us. He's a gr8 guy with the love for music. He'll get so far in life with that atitude. <3
Moneyball was actually good.. I really liked it!
left class super early cause i was still drunk.
Find the snowboard rails at Mt. Hood's Timberline Lodge--built by WPA and a national treasure. Beautiful!
aw. ya never fail me. thanks...you should get out your glitter too!
I feel u
Frappichino happy hour :) just what I need!
RT : I bet the song in the Internet Explorer commercial got more downloads than Internet Explorer
fuck yea it's just 9 Mexicans still heading to wrk lmao blacks still tryin to get to wrk from wakin up late
This will be the third Friday in a row that I'm working after I originally said I wouldn't be. What is wrong with me??? SMH
IM SORRY
ekjfhewkf im going to be tweeting to fuck tomorrow since im getting my hair dyed at the hairdressers, they better make me a cup of tea!,YOLO
How the mighty has fallen. Hardly see anyone with BB anymore.
RT : Special thanks to Dave Kutch of for “Demistifying Mastering” seminar last night at !
Make your Friday utterly PERFECT by following,
To outsiders, yes. But if all partiers know the concept already, in technical discussions it's a quick self-contained argument.
Welcomed 3 more first time families to DC practice today. Simultaneously upgrading our McLean office's IT capability.
Arrrrggghh Jordan Taylor what the heck was that. There's now a shoe sized hole in my TV
Daily Money's shit now... I remember when it was good
#cache has been found and tickets have been picked up!! Congrats to the one who found these!! Have a great time at the concert!!
Sucks I missed you guys... again. See you soon, I hope!!
You might not want to specify that you're looking to hire a young person. Age discrimination, much? It's illegal & regressive
and so starts the STORM OF THE CENTURY!!!!! The Cow will be open!! Come warm your little hoofs here with a nice Irish Coffee! Giddy Up
World just shrank by 1%. Sending Leapfrog Press galleys to .
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL YOU DADS OUT THERE!(:
The things I'd do to be out on the lake right now...
Over analyzing every night before bed...
Tomorrow's breakfast of champions might be Hershey's Special Dark. :)
All the small things.
I'm. So bored.
another blessed day for us all
fixed thanks
Three Amish men were prosecuted for cutting off another Amish man's beard. It's considered to be humiliating.
Shoulda gone fish cakes.
Showing your friend a funny video on YouTube and constantly checking their face to make sure they're enjoying it...
Also, Giacchino's closing theme for Cloverfield was great. Too bad the other 90 minutes of movie sucked
First, Ben Ali shut-off the 'Net & I said nothing. Then Mubarek. I said nothing. Then Gaddafi. I said nothing. Then #BART pulled
Follow your heart not your mind
I'm gonna be in orlando ://
When it rains, it pours... another callback for a #national #carl's junior #commercial!!!
What is up with pedistrian hit by car and died tonight? 2 in last hour or so.
Have a Blessed Good Friday!
I have literally been sitting in bed all day watching Hannah Montana.
All you need now is some Jack Daniels maple syrup. Then you can get drunk on pancakes.
ok, please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll check on this for you
I hope I can see you guys soon when I'm back in Cali!
Travels colliding. Just met people behind #Aulani PR at #prsaicon about a month after I stumbled upon the hotel's grand opening
We have been at our KK location for 1 year now! To say THANK YOU, we are offering you a FREE OUTDOOR WORKOUT on Sunday, May 6th from...
Anyone got the recipie for beer-battered maple bacon spring break cupcakes?
me, myself, and I, and warm weather. What else do I need?!?
S/O to Derrick Rose get well homie #BullsNation forever
why have you deleted your other profile and what is our problem dont you love me anymore xx
Great State of Tennessee, aint no place I'd rather be.
Ovens are on the way from Italy
It can't be a coincidence that the PS Network outage coincided with Sony's settlement with Geohot.
STORAGE WARS DC!
Wow #chicago - spot #thunderstorm and a #rainbow in downtown Chicago
Running a marathon is like slapping the guy in the face that invented the wheel
Bon Iver's new album is proper good. Even uses a lot of 80's noises I would consider aggravating otherwise.
are you leaving accounting?!
#house Donut House Collection Light Roast Coffee 24Count KCups
:) Thats awesome thanks and wow i feel like a twitter noob haha
Portland Personal Trainer Kisar Dhillon Offers Fat Blasting Exercise Tips To A Six Pack
Pretty excited for Day of Fosterly at tomorrow!
I'm bored now. Where's MONCHELE? lol
I'm up. I'm just too lazy to get off my bed.
Life is either a great adventure or nothing. Helen Keller
If you list Twilight as your favorite book on Facebook, we can't be friends. #gag 😰
If you are afraid of FAILURE you don't deserve to be SUCCESSFUL" ~Charles Barkley
the winter lasagna combo from is rocking my world. the scent of truffles wafting from it is absurd.
To all the amazing women who have blazed a trail so that my path might be easier.
RT : I wonder what the numbers would look like if you included labor and the arts in this study?
How's it going #Chicago!?? Thank your for your support thus far! In need of 1,000 followers! Spread the Word about
": <~ pushes "close doors" on elevators when I hear people yell "hold that elevator" HAHA ME TOO!
Q7 - Why did you call it #radioactive?
Cockburn: "Dragons Forever" is the greatest martial arts court room drama ever made.
HERE COMES THE PAIN!
I have an Aunt (from TX) that used to send us puff painted sweatshirts for x-mas for like 10 years in a row. Ha.
thanks Andre! :)
Hey guys how has everyone been!! We have been working really hard and writing, our shirt design is almost done and will be posted soon!
: Here's the most ethical way to make money: Talk to the advertisers. Make sure they are in sync with your mission.
Doesn't matter had sex!
Over 8500 ppl in Phlly this week for PLA
Fuck that school
Lakers fans, and to a much lesser extent Heat fans, watched their teams eliminated crying "The Mavs can't keep this up."
Troy's James Brown ... Vikings, give this fella a call in round four.
So many parents showing their kids how to use the library at the Ballard branch! Love it.
yes they are yours! We are calling you right now! SOLD!
Hailey, only sometime do you have a scrub-like mentality
I loved that you managed to work this into the panel. I know it was purely for your own entertainment. :)
We've entered the triple digits in the cart & our poor fridges/gear are struggling. Gonna close up at 4pm. Back tomorrow at 11am!
Dont worry aunt cindy....ill be with you sooner than you think.
Number of South Sudan crisis. Government official expresses confidence in a clash over much of man.
Congrats to the for defeating Hamilton 15-6! Josh Simms had 5 goals & 1 assist for the Outlaws
: Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
Great series...We need a drink!
146-133 now that's an All Star game!!
Same refs from the Heat series last year showed up tonight. Could be a long second half...
H8 u. ;) Have a wonderful time.
Seriously that was like the longest moment of our lives lol not complainin tho
#fuckyou and the lies you told.!
Getting sleepy again..
You're a white hot baby.
thank you so much! Thanks for ur kindness & support. That was AWESOME! God Bless & continued success!
Thanks a lot for your hit back! Cheers!
I love my gays! Always put me in the best mood.
hi tryin 2 reach Juliana Rojas 2 participate n 3rd Beyond Borders:Diversity in Cannes Filmmaker Symposium. i know ur her partner
Job Club Reminder! Tomorrow at 10:00. Open Forum...new job leads. Stop by the ETC for employment help.
RT : premiered that "TOO LOUD" ON He stamped it with his approval!
I hope your #RT Button works because its going to be broken by the time your done #RTing my #Imagines!
#Haters make the world go around
Im going to take this,Im going to take this to the top and I'll kiss the air....Dont waste your breath and just fade away
It was a travesty! Cinco de Mayo can be a wild ride. We even ran out of limes for a few days. We're fully stocked again now.
Guitars sweet tea and front porch swings
Around this time on Sunday Nights I find myself prepping for the work week thinking What Would #RachelZane Wear...
Your pins made me forget what year it was. Nicest thing anyone's ever done for me.
Have to love tornados dodged another one lol
I really need some motivation in my life right now. Or at least something positive...
Just cracked the cover of Bringing Up Bebe--One American Mother Discovers Wisdom of French Parenting by Pamela Druckerman.
'green Ha! Everyone wants to be the master and commander. No one wants to be the student first! Experience education! Need I say more?
after dominating in poker this afternoon i am getting my ass kick tonight!
: cracking me up on Leno tonight!! Burn the damn skinny jeans!!!!
You may never know what results come from your action. But if you do nothing, there will be no result. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
But yes, "Thanks for reading." is about all you can say.
Am I the only one that can't listen to What A Catch, Donnie without listening to Sugar, We're Goin Down afterwords?
We had a great time at the LA Shorts Fest! Now let's make some more movies!
I would be really glad to help!U're right.It's rainy?Let's relax at home!:) At least u.I gotta study.It was nice to meet you :)
It's not the things I know that I don't know, it's the things that I don't know that I don't know.
We are now hiring!! Come join our team! Send us those resumes!!
It's so fitting that it was my favorite player too, Mike Green.
Thanks ushers!!!
cause you actually think I would forgive you after you called me names, talked about me, and got everyone hatingme
Nearly every product we offer or custom project is mobile web. We don't do apps but we feed apps.
Big Bro
have done :D
jeff carter is gross. stop that.
It's kinda like how I bought MS Weddings for like 2 years before we were even engaged.
Today's sucha horrible fucking day ): one of the worst in awhile i'm so stressed.
Beyonce is beautiful but #1? Can we say media saturation? or would have been my pick :)
I'll try to remember! I have to find you on the cruise! Are you going to be in Miami the night before?
Awesome performance tonight.
Thank you!
Consolation update: FINAL: Mounds View advances to Class 2A consolation championship with 2-1 victory over Grand Rapids/Greenway
I love the feeling of autumn.
You're welcome!
nice jersey!
Doing an air shift on Mix 104-1. I feel like I'm cheating on &
Come to this sunday! We will be wrapping gifts & taking donations for the littlest victim of the Seal Beach shootings.
but... but... they got Reggie Bush!
MF is a trip F U C K EVERYBODY!
NO HE JUST HIT ME WITH A WE NEED TO TALK!!! I WANNA CRY
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis... Get him to the penis.
Unneeded cargo makes vehicles work harder & use more gas. An extra 100 lbs reduces fuel economy up to 2 percent!
earworm: "Subway to Venus"
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
2010: You're only cool if you have silly bandz. 2011: Planking is boss. 2012: HEY! Let's all choke on cinnamonn.
HOW FREAKIN ADORABLE!!!! I wanna name her....MAHANA!!! :D
Thanks for the follow , and
Would love to partner with you, how can we move forward?
6 out of 10 US consumers say they "Enjoy getting postal mail from brands about new product in the mail" Brandspark
Catalog Now! #NDSA Jack Brighton's bumper sticker for radical librarians
Ok by yall
Thanks~~ I have more to getcha soon! I just moved my office & am getting settled, but I'll have a bunch sent in a week or so!
“: we got another one for you. Are you back in town? #damiesNrunnies”
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Pageant is this Sunday!!!! Make sure you get your tickets!!! Contact any
At Christmas play and make good cheer, for Christmas comes but once a year. ~ Thomas Tusser
True dat. Punting tonight as well!
Are you a exhibitor? We're throwing a VIP party for exhibitors on Saturday. Visit our booth to learn more.
cause I want to? How old are you?
ok :D
It's officially my birthday. omfg. hdbasuydbAKUHBCUHBsbfuysdbvak
Can't wait to see what you get! RT My first shipped today! So excited.
thanks for the RT. love social enterprises and the creativity they require.
By machine I mean software machines. A lay person might point to a small phone (big phone) playing a movie. Granted but think Android
Byron Leftwich was re-signed with the Steelers. He's had just 18 snaps in the past 2 years.
Plastic backing on the back, and feed them through like regular paper (1 at a time)
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. R. Buckminster Fuller
sounds great! Keep in touch on it.
RT : If u r considering tossing your hat in the ring for a big opportunity, even if it seems like a stretch, do it.
Having dinner at Raisins in downtown Awesome service as always.
similar to twitter :)
zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap
Innovations require you...to increase variability. Business model innovation is scary because it is the toughest to take on." -Reed Hastings
Looking out the window of the "Radio Ranch" office, a nice fluffly snow comin down..Proud of the TEAM 4 a great start to a new year.
Changing people's lives!
ugh, po business mailing dept. I'm so sorry for you. been there done that!
Wow! Confirms why I don't play. I never could have done that!
Sorry Hun, but unlike you Im not the doorknob, where everyone gets a turn. Im more of a casino, where only the lucky ones, hit the Jackpot.
WOW! 8pm and I'm falling asleep. Must be all the overtime I worked this week catching up.
Doc. at the hospital thought my name was "Ese"...i guess I'm biracial..so...that sounded more likely than "Sam"....
Jose Bautista, 9 HR in nine career games at Target Field...
How many ignores does it take to get you to stop texting me?
oh wow datz was HOT!! when are u puttin it out ??? cuz im buyin dat
We Appreciate all the entries into the art competition. Please make sure you vote!
For the 2nd time in the last year I just saw someone drive off with the gas nozzle still in the car
So I'm back on social media after lent. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. God is good!
Hello ,everyone this is a freelance writer and I'm working on my new play.. Always looking for helpful people..
go to the gym with me that early before heading to the Isle
Happy Thanksgiving from the ascedians! We're thankful we get to work with so many wonderful people.
Less than three weeks in Denver until I head back to San Diego!
Any House fans?
Caramel macchiato with an extra shot of expresso.... Please help me study!!!
You are welcome. Don't miss our TV giveaway on FB for your fans. Look forward to your tweets.
Doesnt even know i exist...
Dear Camel Crush quit with the mini poster, screws up my wrapping of plastic in foil to make a neat throw away ball
Me & Nino finna snap on this beat.
I haz exites!!! So many!!! Everyone should go to Chicago to see !!! #!!!
What are you doing on this beautiful day??
Alright where do you stand on this Alicia Silverstone bird-style feeding? There must be some sort of reasoning behind it right!?
thank Lisa! Hope you can keep on avoiding getting tased!
cause I'm not prettier than you..
The video you had of loading that car into the museum was one of my favorite install videos ever.
So mentally exhausted. Three pit stops before heading home to listen to some Jill Scott and continue on my grind.
ha. You have the same view as I do
Thanks for the follow Jennifer. Hope to see some tweets from you someday.
Thank christ I only give advice to YP about saying no with sex, b/c I am beyond unqualified to teach them how to say it to anything else.
It can never be bought or borrowed or sold A gift to be cherished, True friendship is a treasure beyond compare.
Sweet home chicago
7:45 dentist appointment tomorrow AM is not cool.
thanks for new follows!
A smile for love a smile for happiness a smile for life A smile for a smile
Battle bedroom boredom - try playful new approaches to sex.
me too:/
We have a new server ready - vpn-ws9 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco
Happy Valentines Day :)
-- I don't recommend owners to dump GOOD players, like Martinez.
Be thou the first true merit to befriend, his praise is lost who stays till all commend.
agreed. crazies will be crazies!
Heading to public house. Hope I see
ew I hate the dentist. Wanna go for me?!
Huge crash on Hutch by exit 2 - so many emergency vehicles
OMG. YOU ARE AMAZING. WOW.
Though he has both Arizona and Colorado in "The Next Four Out" so that doesn't make any sense...
Great show today Stan!
Just seen a dude wit a #eatersunday #buttonup shirt on
So pissed at that cliff hanger
you're welcome for the follow :)
#stillgrindin whats good with ya project?
Happy Holidays Everyone!
thanks for coming out to cover answering "What is Citizenship For?" w // YES TY!!
I just made some really good miso soup!
Sad to be missing the public humanities panel right now, I've got a sick dog on my hands...hoping to be in soon.
Siri-eriously ??? not me-not yeti
My twitter feed makes me hungry.
Create an impressive profile and apply for this opportunity:
who's chris bieber? and why is he trending?
Anyone else want to take home with them?:)
Been here before, thought i had my shit straight
": "do u work for the news or ru just a really dedicated dad?"" Lol never heard that one before!
We are interested in elevating our own voices and will make it happen thanks to other concerned parties
I thought telemarketing was a thing of the past?!
Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It’s what separates us from the animals…except the weasel.
wait, you know i can't go to the jmoms right? :( my mom wont let my go without my sister...
cannot wait until summer...it's going to be a good one!
So... This white boy just asked me did I get the new future album yet, lol
are you talking about the "Instant Personalization Pilot Program"
your Nickleback trick didn't work. Line at Haileys = damn! Time for plan B
WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS OF PINKBERRY? A great tasting & healthy frozen yogurt with nonfat & lowfat flavors that are packed with live &...
and so much for the follow! Happy Friday!! :)
That's really great news. RE: "There was...no quarrels, no marriage problems...after 8 years of being on the road."
The Man Behind The Shades Dreams of being on the Stage with What I Love About America see the Video ? touching Hearts across the world
thanks I'm trying.
#DidYouKnow? #BHAG stands for Big Hairy Audacious Goal - A long-term goal that changes the very nature of a business’ existence.
right back at ya girl. super excited and super happy that something we talked about years ago has come to fruition! love U!
hey David Lee love the new VH works..looks like you guys are having fun again" ever consider doing voice over for a commercial
- just seen this! will tag em :) some real nice shots there, thanks :) we should arrange another shoot one gig
Sleeping pillows should be small enough that can support your neck.. :-) being small with lessen the chance for discomfort.
i do follow you
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña ... we want more kids going to college"
dad. turn on the air conditioning. im dying
Making about 400 truffles for the ABC wine tasting...
twitter told you to follow me lol for real..?? well in that case I must follow back..!!
Don't forget to bring water bottles (with sport cap) to the events this weekend. More info at bit.ly/xsj7sV
We gone get this money
Wine tasting flatiron 920 broadway street. Today at 230
Are you tenacious? “A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com
Sweat is the cologne of accomplishment. ~Heywood Hale Broun
Good times!
Pinedas got a fuckin torn labrum really season ending surgery really
Hate how my mom makes me go to the store with her when she already has 7 cases of water at home
thanks for the message! use my personal code SPRINGLOU to learn more about us...1 year free membership
Navigating the awesome trying to find where I'm speaking!
Neat! Will keep an eye out. RT : I'll have a BBQ piece in this Sunday's Texas edition of the New York Times print copy.
Can't read an entire tweet, can't view FB updates for all friends in a single feed, can't view either in full screen.
Let's go Lakers!!!
please austin come visit your fans one more time.at northstar befor you leave " ;(
Any one know a good way to network some music music?
The Dell #WIMSS in Singapore is a meeting of 120+ Dell imaging employees from around the world, meeting to set strategy for the coming years
You drink some drinks, you find tequila....then the nights over
in which city are you currently found in!? (aka living in)
Getting my shoes shined during long layover in Denver. Now I don't have to do it myself.
sounds like something the Bush administration would say to get you to buy a war they were selling. Or the
I dnt feel right
Yes, I just #subtweeted you!
Great morning lifting session. Guys got after it. We even threw in a twist for conditioning which brought out a lot of competive spirits.
Don't forget about Reptile Day today at Wehr Nature Center from 1-4pm.
lol you can enjoy my silliness anytime!!
Gardeners bring food to market, and in return they take waste (manure) which they can turn into more food, a cycle that fascinated utopians.
“: That bestfriend that you can have a whole conversation with... just by using facial expressions” .... :)
My computer obviously doesn't want me to work on getting new website finished. Something has completely hijacked my display settings...
the highest mountain we'll ever climb is the mountain of doubt, arrogance & selfishness, we build in front of us.
One of the films on my Netflix Top 10 recommendations is "Ticked-Off Trannies with Knives"
Thanks to for rocking out another OEM video. The talent in the marketing team is very strong
yeah it is i have like 5 shirts n a hat... Got a head shop by me that sells srh n kmk gear so i also have like 20 kmk n srh
that sounds amazing!
Another beautiful day in LA
Today's weather : High of 70 a low of 46!
He said he don't do omegle. He just said it on the twitcam.
My first patient fall today :( technically not a fall though since we had to lower her to the ground...
Ch-ch-ch-ch-changes
5hrs of gameplay so far. Knowing me imma rank up quick like I did on mw2.
wah u mean
you got this!
First snow of season?!
Does Dad need tools? We got 'em -- why buy new imports when we have good sturdy used ones -- keep it Portland and REUSE
Mistletoe video, I'm so jelly rite now tho
I hope I don't cry this time 😣
Good Morning. Everybody! Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
is super busy but surviving. thankful to have work and more lined up in the wings.
Headed to Texas tonight, pardners!
More like embarassing...its an early Easter Egg in the online version of the story...gotta find it
Whoa, for real? What is the heading?
I don't know who this productive woman is in my body, but I'd like to keep her.
lol why didn't you do this yesterday?????
I love She is so classy.
I deff thought it was Friday today
you were great! Enjoy your time as #MissAR2011!
"Over 90% of teens own a mobile phone"
I do know that a group of people are in the process of claiming the lottery winnings. Couldn't have happened to better people.
I couldn't be with an uneducated man. I want someone who has goals and is working to accomplish them
Then you might want to use the internet to research Kony, Uganda and the Inv. Children organization. Its not what you think.
I very rarely had non-white paper.
of course! malapit na, probably my birth-month, July
": #Aries have the best hair of the zodiac."
M Mango Salsa RT : Craving fish tacos? You have to try the Mahi tacos - simply amazing!!! Oh & of course a marg or...
Disagree. This gives real teeth to the complaints about "always on" beyond the laptop/commuter canard
hold on
Rigatoni with Italian Sausage in Marinara followed by a walk in the rain to Coffee Grinder for Tiramisu and coffee desert.
fuckin celtics gonna shit the bed can't split at home man
I believe its "synced" "sunk" would just be stupid. haha.
o! Perhaps you could convince them to share that recipe with a foodie transplanted to WV??? ;)
chloe im so upset that i was playing xbox and this person msg me and said im chloe moretz and blocked me was it you do youplay
come come now, you should know I have a copy ;)
yeah you know me with all my lying all the time ;)
brb building an arc.
"a grip of" or "grippa"
Facebook buys Instagram, the app that makes bad pictures look cool.
oomf ringtone on my phone is Bug a Boo -Destiny's Child lol
agreed. You're welcome anytime!
Today in 1998, 98 Degrees releases their sophomore album, '98 Degrees & Rising' with the hit single "Hardest Thing."
punch my ticket cuz I'm ready to go. Snooped thru your YouTube video. Good morning Milly! Wake me at the next stop conductor
PODS® The Best Moving & Storage Idea EVER!™ Call us today and find out why.
I used to be sick at it... Then I stopped playing for some reason...
A true friend is someone who is always there for you no matter what even when they are so busy with their own life.
Yes justice should be blind. But prosecutors shouldn't go to trial thinking the defendant may not have done it.
congrats on the job! Where and doing what?
Thanks, Michael. It sounds like a great project for charity. I'm super excited to help judge!
Putz gives up lead off double to Reyes. There goes my WHIP
Omg I have been looking for you! I've been questioning every1 with "bella" in their name lol is there any way I could see samples?
Heey boy you can't be anymore sexier ?;)
haha you had to add mostly in.
I was actually referencing Obama's 2004 statement at a press conference after he won his senate seat.
This is the type of shit you get when you work in philadelphias center city :/
Awesome hang with finished by moving a monster of a piano that he bought on the cheap!
just was there
yes he does he can play
I'm up at 3:30am 2 take a flight 4 a gig b cause that's the type of agent I got :(
Man oh man, lotta drunkin girls on my lap rite now. #LML The night was so good. Buzzed and ready to go on a journey!
no ... lol and he just did i guess?
#worstthingintheworld , A Blackout .
FINALLY MY TWITTER IS BACK TO NORMAL ALL THESE #AlexLovesUs were making my twitter Crazy xD
have you forgotten what winter is like? you are crazy, lady :)
Looks like I won't be playing soccer for a while.
You don't take a photograph, you make it. ~Ansel Adams
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. – Lord Acton (1887)
Life is to beautiful, but so fragile. Every breath counts,every moment matters.
haha have u started typing yet??
Thanks mama! Have a good one too!
Doritos Locos Tacos make me happy!!!
Never underestimate the power of the Audra.
I'll take that bet and raise you a hacky sack.
“ judge me off information you know not things you heard”
Need more followers
I'm almost to 500 followers :')
why does that not surprise me. I'm sure I will get to experience during my jaunts across the state
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Working closely with the reps. We owe the press for Tinkers to reps doing serious leg work.
#PennAW: What's next? 3 - 4:30 PM, Women Newsmakers: The Power of the Female Perspective, Sponsored by the Class of 1987
a bromance blossoms RT no, you come here and eat bacon
Like I'm really shitty...wow
Don't worry, girls, one day you'll find a guy who ruins your lipstick, not your mascara.
gay marriage is what the Right calls it to make it sound scary to Repubs. Makes me wanna punch, too
Good morning, #Scottsdale! Who's golfing today?
“: thank you :) slowly but surely” and when that day comes ill make the trip to Canton to cheer for him
Oh! I have that! Yes! Awesome! Thanks!
0-27 huh? Might as well said 0-270.. not easy picking bets that are 2nd best.. send me your picks and we'll see who's better
I M HVMNG trouble sending messages. What do u need me to do?
But first explains the power struggle between the CIA and the Defense Department for control over counterterrorism efforts.
hahahaha try Deadsnow. Now that's scary...and kinda funny...in a disturbing way...
you're a loser for this tweet btw.
still hasn't texted me. Smh.
same thing mayne relaxing from a long day
should we be shopping for baby gifts???
Got respect for country music.
Just spilled water on my laptop at work. Not liking the water
WoW, 11inch. Never dealt with sumthn that big!!
Don't do it, Betty! Put down the whip cream!
Girls that tan (;
M...Campbells tomato bisque is the best.
Go Professional Or Go Home!!!! MusicalStop.com
Buyer's remorse and excessive hunger are two feelings that I am experiencing for pretty much the first time.
100% FOLLOW BACK :)
I caved. Lets play draw somthing. ashleynerat
Little bit nervous to discuss de Beauvoir in my co-ed philosophy class tomorrow... I don't know what will come out of some people's mouths.
Well, that sucked
no she wasnt
Heading to The Next Cool VIP event tonight!! the largest film & tv event of 2012!!
Will do.. Going through beats now RT Ay bruh. Hit me up with whatever you need for that mixtape.
ok - ROCKED
RT : Against all odds: Her collection of intensely feminine dresses and shapely tailored jackets and skirts co-design......
he's not a hypocrite. He believes life starts at conception so he's protecting the baby. Make fun of his beliefs: not hypocrite.
Awesome, refreshing day, today. Happy Friday everyone :)
I got to see them for the first time at a wedding reception which I wasn't planning on going to.
Terminal C is certainly the prettier United terminal at EWR. Too bad my flight wasn't there! (barely made it)
Is it 5 yet? Well, It's 5 o'clock somewhere. Where's my flask? HA HA HA! Just messin!
Indeed. RT : Stoked to work with at . The game is changing! Get with it.
At a Shell gas station, corner of Vance Jackson & Loop 410. :-)
Hell of a read there, Clint. Thanks for the great article of Monty's changes.
Beer City is...
Headig out to work ! Have a nice day ppl :) ☀
Ah jonas brothers have a new song :D oh yea there back
Angry!¡! But still smiling Finna make a few other ppl mad.. Don't lie to me like its cool then have excuses like I posed to care bout them!!
Attending the #sxfit session at #sxsw. Interesting to see how fitness has gone high-tech.
will do. Thanks Jamie.
Congrats to graduating today!!!!👍
counting faces video
Looks like #ShackShack is a victim of it's own success :-(
Rise n shine ppl. Its "Thirsty Thursday", get ya ass up n do somethin. Get that diploma, get that money, jus get the hell up!!
WHAT IS A BUMBLEFUCK?!
It worked for me. I hate asking, but did you try turning XBL off and on again? I got booted from Live twice tonight, so.
Yeah, my mom got them this morning! Thanks!
I am using
i added you on facebook !
Listening is paying attention, you can hear without listening but you cannot listen without hearing.
Swinging first pitch?
Do you see any particular elegant fashion style? Looks like we all dress alike.
No problem (:
too much work... not enough play... I am having to write songs in my head for the next week... sounds pretty cool up there though!
Day 8 on my HCG diet & I've lost 7 pounds at a stand still, Craving chocolate so bad while I sit here & do a few custom orders:)
Oops...thanks
cant believe a boy from the school round the corner from me have became close and i just found out he like Austin Mahone, omg! im happy!!!!!
Just filmed our opening duet monologue of Rip Tide for Bay News 9! Look out for and I on your tv screens for the next few weeks!
RT : Sure sounds like Cards have picked up a new cornerback. MT : O yeah by the way I'm #Birdgang now west coast
FUN at the wonderful Nordstrom Rack! Great deals and great people!
I wonder if dropped out of Avon again?
Sending an e-mail to my contacts in Iceland. Their names? Vidar and Hammer. Hoping they took their Blackberrys out pillaging w/ them.
Tyyyyyyyyyyyyy can i pic an icon for you?????
Thanks much!
The ego always needs a title and fears losing. Sadly in the end loss is all there is. Be patient for life's rewards.
Great win by the #RedSox! desperately needed pitching performance by Lester and the bullpen! Continue to build on that!
Walking into a virgins concert was the best surprise
The word casual never makes me think of intense emotion, electric connection and a loss of control.
Got fingered by a feisty pedestrian while driving yesterday, and by an abundant motorist in an Escalade today while walking.
it takes forever!
#TomBrady is putting on a TD pass clinic with 6 tying an #nflplayoffs record.
So insane. New definition of breakin' a sweat. Shiiiiit.
Dinner with people I love ☺
#MothersDay is only a week away! has gift ideas galore for mom!
hey whts up
What teachers helped you reach where you are today?
Go Joey V!!
I know I'm a little young.... But we should still get married!!:) <3
good I dont need no more creepers, lmao
New TV dinner debuts tomorrow - How bout Fried Catfish Fingers, Potatoes, Greens, Grits & more. Come check it out-404.681.4434 to reserve!
In full fundraising mode at MAVC. Mark your calendars for Casino Night on Jan. 23. Details: www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
Sign up on my list at aestheticbodybuilding.com and Ill send you info as it becomes available.
Oh come on... what's a little tax cheating among friends?
That is weird it happened to my friend too.
thanks buddy! I'm sure you'll be getting several!!!
looks good man .
where online am I able to preorder the Nokia lumia 900 windows phone? I thought it began today.
hey Twitter, we're back! Next meet Jan 21, 2012.
Secretary-General: "And the absolute numbers of people living in slums continues to grow."
I just saw several 12 pass vans in the LifeWay Visitor Lot. I'd be lying if I said that that wasn't tough. Oh, camp, I'm gonna miss you...
Hey Austin!!
I haven't been in anyone's life lately. I just got back into Raye's and Lisa's yesterday. Sorry. I'll make it up to you!
Lol I had to say it
Starting the day with Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness in the background.. No wonder thinks I have a 5 year old.
Phew. Still a little insecure, even after 4000.
its over wit now... *changing channel*
Excited that TCU is joining the big 12.
Thanks for the RT !
“: Fuck a Bentley, fuck a Aston Martin, fuck a ghost! I just bought a house.. #smartlifedecisions #godisgood” agree!
It's Friday!! Enjoy the holiday weekend but remember to make smart choices and take care of yourself!
I want you SO bad
God is good,victory is won,we just gotta walk in it,and bless people as we walk
i must have missed that in organic chemistry
I know I did it cus of you're tweet lol
lol wow! and yeah kind of! u gotta put alot of force to it! for me it was kind of hard! i guess cause im lazy lol:P
Spending some time today reading and annotating the Script for the film we will be shooting later in the year!!
Must be teaching a new cook here at IHOP. The kitchen is a very "vocal" environment.
bummer, well played game. Defense looked good, esp that last minute of 2nd half. Thought they were going to get one.
Heading to the #GMCC ribbon cutting at #Madison s new Heid Music...come hear and play the fun! Tree lane near Mineral Point.
1D is the reason I keep believing. The reason I wake up in the morning. The reason I put x's at the end of my tweets.& the reason I smile (:
I really want to type "The Bromantic Piano" into the database...
Bravo Justine!
Meeting so many wonderful people downtown Detroit. And filling up their bellies.
"Newspapers are for old people" - Sophia
We're taking odds on Trombone Shorty guesting in Springsteen's horn section tonight. We think this needs to happen.
hey ramiro will you help me plan the best bachelor party for my best friend
you're like, a year late to that party....
This weekend has go to he'll and it hasn't even started
sounds like him. He might be there fir a while
ZG our ace in my opinion. 20+ for sure
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
That Morning 💩 is Crucial
big turnout for #NSMN event on State of Sports in Chicago
lmao, good idea!!
(Not really! We have about twenty years of U.S. history to plow through. It would have been fun though.)
Cruz is saving the acrobatic catches for the SB against the
Im so bored i has just hired two private detectives to follow each other
hungry hungry hungry
did you see frapp happy hour starts Fri?! Made me think of our Starbs runs this time last year!
I dont feel welcome in my own house
A man who reads is irresistable in deed and in bed.
i skipped the dying part & went right to the deviled eggs
" there's a dollar on the floor " me : girl let me out of the car ... We are no better then this lmao
you will get kissed by billy to someday , so dont be jealous !
the sunset reminded me that the world is a wonderful place bigger than the madness of the day my eyes close and I dream of joy
OKAY GOOGLE WE GET IT!!!
a heart you idiot hahah
Talk about brainwashing. Then you wear bloody Jesus Christ on a necklace? Think about it #Christians. Imagine if that happened now.
Hey Michele, how was your day?(:
With summer coming early, its the perfect time to add to your summer wardrobe! Check out local boutiques for some great warm weather pieces
Wish I could sleep..
Want to see effective PR in action? Watch the Ryan Braun press conference. He absolutely knocked it out of the park.
If we want what God wants, for the reasons God wants it, we are unstoppable. That's a thought that's going to fester
Above all, clothe yourselves with love, which binds us all together in perfect harmony. Colossians 3:14
very true
great game!
Hate waiting in restaurant lines. Especially on Mother's Day...I should have made dinner myself.
good lord... What will I do with you ha
& should follow us right? We're 1 of VA's best #festivals - the #RVA - gotta love us!
In the same bar I noticed a cock roach belly up on the bar. If I saw it in the first 30 seconds, how did he nor the bartender see it? Sick
I was on meds for that last month. They messed me up
Been listenin to that new track all night
It depends on what type of YA you're going for. I do a lot of author sites. If you want to talk, let me know! Cheers!
n history and the deep connection that occurs in the presence of an artifact--'the very object'--that was touched and used by someone de ...
Thanks! MT A literary journal of poetry, fiction, commentary, at U of C--been looking at your site, and it's pretty nice!
Great news! You get to train your own person now! Lol!
are you ready for 'spirit hands'?
Already found my week 2 #Brewer of the week
Junior year went by fast. Thank God senior year will be faster. Can't wait to get outta high school
I pretty much need YOU in my life. If anything, I miss our epic conversations. There's a corner in Fremont coffee for us.
Atlanta I know it's raining, but honestly... I like it wet.
I think I left my chia pet in the bathroom 3 wedensday ago
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.~Jackie Robinson
Here's another test, let's see what other b.s. spammers come my way after changing my pw once again ...
you not doing podcast anymore? Last one I see on the site and itunes is the Dallas game.
Scratch that last tweet. PP had already expired. All tied at two in the second
Reports from #Bahrain: Army patrolling #Manama on the eve of the pro democracy revolution.
hope u feel better
Lmfao. on IG this morning. I love that clown.
Kurt, Ryan Chell-, Brian Billick's station. Any chance we can talk Flacco w/u? Time is yours to plug anything!
Excellent! But if you are in Madison, perhaps we can meet before November. :)
Flying to Toronto for the holidays
The 35th Annual Leadership Development Institute is about to kickoff at CAU -- High school students are ready!
Vengeance for the 2006 Mavs and the 2010 Cavs! Congrats to Dallas! You deserve it! :)
I want Maxwell don't be surprised if he is gone one night!
"The challenge is to help couples turn ""I Do"" into ""We Can."" Scott Stanley";;
Hanging out with my Grandma ...finally convinced her to get the iphone 5! #YOUGOGRANDMA!
What's your walk-in probability of successfully finding space at bar for 3 or 4 people on an early Friday night?
Pretty sure I broke some type of record for Oreo Consumption today. Be sure to watch Sportscenter later.
I don't think I've ever seen those two words adjacent to each other. Gag
#TopChef has kidnap my friend please let him go!!!
Go to work bitch
Guys in bow ties always look like clowns to me. Just can't take them seriously.
Home with a horrid cold, did not even get to church. Phooey. Thinking of my WIPs like long distance lands I cannot reach.
Hey baby what happened to my LOL! This is what the Mic picked up. I said testing the mic.
I'm not a bitch, you're just annoying as hell.
Time comes from the future. Chew on that.
A key to #leadership is to duplicate other’s strengths, not just your own. SeanLetwat
Building focus groups for a large brand research project. Coordinating people's time might be the hardest part of branding ;-)
She played the strongest game !
I just wished for: '"Why Won't You Just Tell Us the Answer?": Teaching Historical Thinking in Grades... via
go die.
Good! You?
OH in VGW chat room: "Diablo 3 beta is up and includes Macs. How do I play" | "Click on things till they die. Pick up stuff. Click again"
hoping to encourage eating of arugula by daughter by referring to it as "wild italian green, called rocket". plus goat sausage and spuds
Where can I read more about this?
Played 10/25 cash last night. Lots of good young players. Game wasn't good but haven't played it in a while so not sure how it usually is.
Blackouts of Fox covered weekend games really decreases the value of You'll want to consider that before subscribing.
Time for PUMP YOU UP shout outs for all the Job Adventurers out there!! Keep your focus razor sharp & continue the steps to move forward!
Change up was better than I heard it was although it fell apart a little at the end
speaking of #fantasy #football. Let me hear your most creative #team #name. Whatcha got for me?
Newt winning red state SC = Hillary winning blue states NY or NJ in '08. Impressive in primaries; meaningless in general election.
what your email?
Join FUEL a week from tomorrow for our May Purely Social! Access to METRO, Zen on Seven, & room tours! Can't wait.
Damn I need new people to text or get to know someone
My broker actually has a "Countdown Clock" on my financials news page to the Facebook IPO...2 Days 14 Hours! Alas, I'm $250,000 short!
I've been trying to support, but I've been busy preparing for Cannes. Glad you enjoyed it.
Better to go back than go wrong.
whenever ppl like my facebook status's, it gives me the sense that I might actually be funny. or they're liking it cuz I write dumb stuff.
#yobitv not a bad look dude
looks so good I'm jealous lol
Wash our mate's feet in a warm bowl of water.
our classic joke!!(: gotta love basketball times!!!
There will be an sighting at the B/R SF writer meetup next Thursday at B/R HQ. Kick back beer(s) with yours truly, too.
Great, my mom is into conspiracy theories again.
TONIGHT...the B-A-H are headed to Irvin Mayfield's for the Midnight Brass Jam...come get it in with the Brass-a-Holics!!
Snagajob uses breakout spaces instead of offices
Looks like I may get to the dept reception today after all. Maybe around 6 pm.
I'm jealous.
hell nah!
I never took off the tinfoil hat -- duh!
you have no idea.
RT will pop off in less than two weeks! Get your tickets now, or miss out on a great experience! bit.ly/DWExpo11
Get to see in a little bit. (:
Then goin to the mall
got my artwork placed in a store today!
ok great! that happens to me all the time. i'm not sure how to fix that!
Don't feel like reading :(
aww give him a big huge for me ! Hope your okay! :( xx
where's that Catdog?
Going to bed pissed off.
it was ok:P
We're off to the White citadel to get crappy burgers and lousy fries! Woo!
Ugh friday
I'm at a loss for words. One of the best nights of my life. THANK YOU ---->Pics & Story soon.
cHECK OUT THE KIDS OF THEY HAVE SOME AWESOME AND FUN SHOW.....
Throw a deuce like see you later!
it's so warm out walk to my house.
SHUT! YA UGLY ASS UP!! DO SOMETHIN BOUT IT NIGGA
The news is that Derrick Jenkins is now a DOCTOR! I know he was working his butt off with that dissertation and I'm proud oh him!!!!
Idk how I made it to school this morning -.o
gmail is down oO
Just a few more assignments...let's do it!
•True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about but few have seen.
Thanks for the follow! --Jo
tell him to be my hook up!!! Tell him that I look up to his swagg hahah
Warm weather on it's way!! Who's ready?
I love how big of a cunt you are
thanks. I want to reach out and motivate others cause i know iv been at that point with life and soccer.Like most of us has
those were so good! next time we need to bring gummy bears!
I'm watching a guy try and get his car unlcoked with a coat hanger. Bum way to start the week by locking your keys in the car.
city of la just announced $16M bike share program w
In ONE hour LIVE at the Living Room presented by (N Miami Ave/40th St) on ’s piano
just a reminder the Verizon campsite is best!
., rodeo, and tonight at Count. Me. IN. Who else is coming out for that?
GO AHEAD. nerf guns dont hurt.
What's the deal with deciding to unfollow people for me on its own? I don't understand how this keeps happening.
Haha. What stories??
Cool! RT Posted another "Seen in the Wild" picture of Mobile Interface Theory. Here, taken by at a cafe in Portugal
you iz pretty
I was actually just thinking the same thing! Catch up soon.
We have 2 shows in the works. 3/30 in MKE (bands/venue TBA), 3/31 in Appleton at Maritime Tavern w/ and & more
Anything Knicks rumors?
11/11/11 is a prime date for weddings! Know anyone getting married today?
I hope you had a good time! I especially liked the last "game."
if you are on 136 hello from car three.
when and y?
Driving around and blaring music>>>
XLVI Roman Numerals very popular on Monument Circle! Make sure to get your pic and see the video show!
thank you and yea I know and you know I'm here for you whenever you need me too :)
Did you book the job?
hello twitter
Packed and ready to go. #NFLX and Super bowl Village.
–author of the column Ask a Mexican– presents his new book: Taco USA. April 13, Brava theater, 7pm. SF.
I'VE BEEN A LIFELONE MILEAGE PLUS CUSTOMER. SINCE YOUR MERGER, YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE (PHONE & WEB) IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST.
Love this! Then where... Scotland? I'm gonna quit my job and be your travel assistant
Another RWr reply from "In the Bubble" 'Im Not' !! Really??
D: pues claro que no u.u
we talkin bout these Dallas ppl in they fukkin face!!!!! Houston Texas in this bitch!!!!! #clubparadisetour !
Get this game under way already!! Sheesh!
so are those classes like electives or part of a program? I'm studying Holocaust Studies in grad school at UT Dallas.
Why are you not performing in DC???? Baltimore doesn't count we need you in DC too any plans to come here?
I just wikipedia'd Hunger Games. Now I know why I didn't know what it was, it's for tweens.
Cheerio AVB now give back the scarves you borrowed from Jose..they never fit you right anyway.
Congrats to for defeating No1 LSU! Seems we'll be back at No1 going to Louisville on Tuesday night! Everyone come out & watch!
I don't want to go to 5th period today man :( Where is Maia!!
Be persistent and ask God daily to place His words in your mouth. Be Encouraged!
Spent Thursday, Friday in 18th Century at Market Fair, Fort Frederick, Big Pool, Maryland. Highly recomment the event.
Your #hgtved made me tear up. I always love your designs.
Bonfire at my place friday!(:
Enough with Kardashians Bruce was an American hero they turned him into a weak joke he's not even a man anymore
#takingatest placement test for strake with a bunch of others
then I realized #QCMerge is over and I won't be seeing you today. Bo!
i have a date friday lol.
Nope, Django. did the heavy lifting. Love it – between that and Rails I couldn't bear to go back to PHP/Wordpress now
lol im not sleepy anymore bc I like when we talk (:
whoa is this a #asha12 sighting ?
needs to get the hell up and bless my TL wit her presence...... She know I'm impatient
thanks 4 the follow! if you need sharpening or a some new scissors call text or tweet! the new webstore will b up soon! peace! :)
I have a black baby....who knew.
I love you ♥
That sounds so freaking awesome!!
Polar Bear Rodeo!! Heck yes!
so much work!! no time for anything fund these days.
Ready for tonight's concert in a couple of hours at Bulverde.lets go out there and get it rocking.i am in the mood-dzago chatsama
Joe Matson of just pulled out a line from Gilbert and Sullivan's Ruddigore. This is why we're the premiere sound studies group.
TRAFFIC - RR Arms down on Packers near International
RT : no but just got brand new bonavita brewer. Love it
Happy birthday to you!
Catch up fast, the tweets are live!
Men can not be raped by women and if they say that they did...they are not men.
Just saying :)
*smh* ugly start for the
Sneaky half court line strikes....oopsie
That's cool! Hope you score big!
Can't wait for this Easter meal
I'm 18 as well.
Totally saw you guys at the Nashville show ^-^
Student newspaper ran article about UNL Libraries now charging community users for checkout privileges. Waiting for fallout.
#honestyhour I think about the same thing every night, but still don't know what to do about it !
All I have is a dollar and a dream.
Whats the wrong way to love someone? Hahahaha makes sense dont it?
INCREDIBLE HULK still has some of my favorite CGI ever. Incredible directing and actioner set pieces. 3.5 out of 4 stars.
we don't appreciate you retweeting so many times!
ur a taco tuesday too? hells ya :)
SHOUT OUT TO MY BRU Goldo Quintero Dallas HOMEINVASION RECORDS THIS SUMMER GOT ALOTA MOVES BEING MADE ,
ahh! Well it'll happen soon.
You know that scene in a movie where the schlub is standing on a streetcorner and a bus drives by and sprays his whole body with water & ...
4,421 US Troops were killed in the Iraq War in the last 8 years. God Bless our Troops and their families for such a sacrifice... Sigma out
I only have 140 characters! Sheesh! =)
Agree! But lets protect the 'job creators'. WHAT?? What jobs??!!
12 by 12 Campaign: Uruguay First Country to Ratify C189
LOVE it!
On a scale of 1-10, I'm about a 9.9. Plus the UNLV documentary for HBO on Sat. Liev Schreiber's narration is spine-tingling
I've been seconds away from playing the most exciting poker games anywhere online for about 6 months now! I feel so cheated!
Paul George looks Dominican
Just about to take a shower for work and my wife says I can't because the water is off...thanks for the last second heads up!
Ugh... nat'l sportswriter in town. #soundthealarm RT : Why do you think I hate Milwaukee? I love Milwaukee! I just think downt...
hey guess what it's humid as fuck
Holy crap, yum... RT Lamb shoulder: Braised, cooled, fried. Blue cheese grits. Tomato jam. Thursday. Come and get it.
Yep, he's right and with us already having our car broken into last year--it's just not smart to advertise us being away.
Just realized that in the next 25 days, I'll be traveling 13 of them.
I'd rather fight yoda in a light saber battle than go to work tomorrow
blame it on the bacon fog :)
Join us for Happy hour, just starting! Food items from $2-6, drinks from $2.50-6 and sports on all the flat screens!
woohoo! follow me!!!
Thank you SO much!!
thanks for the feedback today. We'll get it done.
Less than 36 hours until Cubs opening day
#WeWontWork if you cant kiss me in front of your niggas .
You still have the open mic at the VICTOR HOTEL on MONDAYS
Banks ejected ... What for?
I try :p love these guys
I've been staring at fonts all night. The swirly kind. Like Kool-Aid. Oh Yeah!
I'm banning those MC Hammer pants you passed to forthwith.
Andrew Zimmern eating bizarre foods of Louisiana. What's so bizarre about any of this stuff?
You're welcome! Glad to hear from you.
especially since Reacher is six foot five--as I recall
I love you <3
Get in the car we're in PA. HAPPY EASTER!
you are beau....tiful i ♡ you
Thanks for all the feedback!
i would literally be perfect on impractical jokers.
Ugh, sometimes no Matter how hard I try. It's get treated the same way. Hoped it would upon up your eyes and heart for my feelings. It's ok.
Join me Baby J & Live! now till 4p at Cricket 2334 E Southcross & IH-37 to get great deals on the phones + Muve Music & KXTN Prizes
MT When #Mizzou left B12 Frank Martin discussed conf getting better & rid of whiners
FYI the guy in the utilikilt at TEDxDetroit was my friend
Want to wish a happy birthday to my little brother so proud of the man you've become and the struggles you've overcome. Love you
Great suggestions! Thank you, Makarlin.
love you to !
What made corn flakes great? Frosting. Find your frosting! b gr8 now
Well, now I want ice cream - we should make an ice cream run tomorrow anyhow - to anywhere near Simmons!
I'll go this weekend :) my sunglasses are there anyways
Politicians should where jackets like NASCAR drivers. That way we know who sponsors them.
Successfully cleaned turtle tank and filter today for 1st time since Nick wasn't here to do it. Thanks for the help
Having a convo w/ my 70 year old mom about POTUS & gay marriage. MOM: I don't know why people try to run other people's lives.
yesterday i found out on facebook my crush is now in a realtionship i mean i know i should be happy for him but im not
. I want one immediately
LMFAO OMG! But the first picture you uploaded didn't work.
Hey - what's the policy on bringing (sealed) outside food into the stadium? Seeing conflicting answers online. Thx.
Fuck. I have that gay geography text tomorow.
nothing happened in vegas.
Go get it James! “: heading down to the Dome to chat with the NCAA South Regional teams. #myjobrules”
And we've been using you for over 15 years!
Well hello & hi there. I never knew you were weird like me.
We love you all, too! Thank you!
you're at her house damn I wanna come
"Everybody wanna be famous, don't nobody wanna put the work in."
that's fucked up
Dreaming of calling our LA morning show to talk about her huge interview. What do you say Ms. Winfrey?
In addition, you get to learn resume secrets that will help you when it comes to applying for game tester jobs
Read my tweet !! And say to austin to tweet me i very dont feel :(
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of #justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout!!!
looking to get rid of my boxes of old notebooks and I'm too clumsy to not lose a $100 pen. :)
Everyone knows Thursday night is the best college night. Who's going out tonight?
im learnin martial arts n kung fu n shit when i get to college
McNabb trying to prove he CAN throw it in the ocean...hilarious
there are a few of us crazy ones out there that do. :)
Where the Kobe/Stay Schemin Tweets?
You think you're famous and powerful, but here one truth... YOU'RE NOT!
“: I'm letting go now.. You can either stay, and hold me.. or you can go, and hold her.”
Oh okay. I always thought you were around here (NY)
I need to go tanning.
my msg alert thingy -> new msg=😉, msg didn't send=😞, 3+ msgs=😲, rest of the time=😊...yes that's how the icon shows up it makes me laugh
Taking off my media analysis hat for a moment, I just watched Mr. Popper's Penguins and it was adorable. FWIW, perfect ending to a long day.
Heading over to house to watch the new Game of Thrones. Fucking nerdy.
I feel your pain! Just sat in a waiting room for 50 mins w/my 2 yr old. Autism101 #autism + waiting = MELTDOWN!!!!
I'm gona be all alone on valentines day. will you be my valentine? <3333333333 😊
Hey how are you, if there is a show coming that you think my artist Gloomy Lah can perform please hit me up, thank you. Orphanz
how likely is Portland a landing spot??
You're baking and reporting traffic...Now that is something special!
daddy you'd be proud of me, following your footsteps down the wrong path. 😔
- btw... I get the biggest kick out of seeing you on :-)) !!
oh my god your graduating?! 0.o I feel old haha I am good just can't wait to come home
They say This is the city The city of angels All i see is dead wings
Hard to believe I know, but true. I use G+ to meet "like-minded" people to interact with whereas "real friends" are on FB
DID U FORGET?.. THAT I WAS EVEN ALIVE .. DID U FORGET?.. EVERYTHING WE EVER HAD.. DID U FORGET?? DID YOU FORGET?? ABOUT ME!! ♥
Thanks so much! I'm glad she's here and healthy, too. :)
stay golden ponyboy
you love me
Missing the family already
thanks eric! we love #tealeafgreen and will have more coverage of them coming soon!
Within 3 minutes of walking into heard 3 women ask about 50 Shades of Grey. And it was RIGHT THERE front & center. Lol
Always stand on the side of truth... For truths foundation will outlive all the lies.....
Great brunch with and ! Wonderful to meet you all!
milwaukee is a hub city. so the only way to make it ,is to get the hell out of here
Good morning RT : “: Good morning fashion hearts!”GM
I can totally believe is rockin it! How did yours go??
one of my biggest frustrations, it is their job to do what is best for students, true avoidance of doing what is best for children.
I completely forgot THE AVENGERS is opening tomorrow. The geek in me surely is disappointed that that could have slipped my mind.
Yes, we should! What do you have in mind?
I really liked Colton's performance tonight.
The number one killer of a life is insecurity
Maestro rec. great props from a client who needed interactive elearning KIOSKS for surgeons, Sony touch screen technology. building 3 more!
Where else would God's Love Be than right here, now? -Michael Jeffreys
I'm off to play volleyball..I love it!
its tremendous energies at whoever stands in the way of his/her desires. Someone can be incredibly possessive and dominating around you
Thanks for the retweet, Donna!
Salamander or baseball glove?
So I guess I cheer for a draw between Newcastle and Chelsea.
At least we can stop talking about that bullshit save streak.
": How can you try and take away my joy when you live in the rain?"
Hm. VW Jettas (older version) simply aren't meant for two car seats... cc
I'll come back when you call me.
Bears, sharks, and cannibals also pose threats, why not attack them!?
aww thank you sis :) only the beginning
Peeps, we are up the elevator to the penthouse bar!
#shoppingday with mom!
thanks for the tweet :)
If you drink #wine and wake up feeling like you have a cold it could be the sulphur dioxide
Great time to be an LA sports fan- Kings, Clippers and Lakers FTW!
lmfao went to blow on the fried oreo & the powder flew all over me, i look like i dipped my face in cocaine!
I beat you in the push-up competition, I beat you in the beer di competition. What else is left?
Working out shouldn't be an inconvenience to your busy life- anytime you'd with Anytime Fitness. And another great way to support
Been watching movies all day and still bored.
haha:') sounds fun! still in bed, I cba getting up :P xoxoxo
I did it while waiting 4 water 2 boil this morn so really no labor lost if it gets scratched. Honestly is what counts.
YES! The week-end is upon us! Now I just need to get "upon" other things!!
yes, that face is much needed. that wasted my time! made me mad for the night. i thought it was a HUGE secret!
The Slow mo Looks Like He Just Started Swinging For no Reason Tho!!!
The Great '85 was pretty wicked!! Deer Vibes is up next! Stay tuned! Http://massiverocketradio.com
I am dressed right now as a parody of my art degree.
we support your cause!
Come on Lakers.. Do your thing
#DaughterOfABeautician You have to wait until she's done with her clients to get your hair done
Just finished a class with about 25 of our foreign staff members from our embassies. Great people doing great work. Wish I worked with them!
“: THIS IS SO FUN, LOL, PEOPLE JOIN ME.”
Would love to see list of reasons why facebook+instagram. Would have given Google competitive advantage?
While He's Growing Up. I'm Graduating From High School Next Year & I Am Going University.
is on #twitter now! If u want the most cutting edge lighting systems in ur facility then call these guys! Incredible!
To me a book is a message from the gods to mankind; or, if not, should never be published at all. Aleister Crowley
thanks! “: Happy
“: JUST LEFT WIT ON THE WAY TO TACOMA FOR THE #GRITCITYTOUR WIT ” good times
Eastside all day all night
Micro-Volunteering - I'm on this street corner, I have 30 seconds....what can I do? what data can I gather?
okay i went to the mall early this morning with my brother and his navy friends and this guy 15 came up to me was like hey ...
For sure, with a better plan on receiving donation towards our cause.
I adopted the two on my section of 2nd St. Costco also has some amazing deals on things!
Panel on Sat @ 2pm discusses NC textile cottage industries. Followed by dance where a dress made of clay "returns" to the earth. Free.
wouldn't miss it! been counting down the days
Talking to Mom about #leadership ... when you run an office or a team, give them ownership of their world & they'll produce for you!
Not yet. If it's too hard to do, don't sweat it.
Good luck at Marquette !
“: Thank you to for supporting vs Justin Vernon!!” <- Thank you for making amazing music! :)
'Revenge' Chicks: Who'd You Rather?
Richmond is among the top "Most Well-Read Cities in America" by Keep reading Greater #RVA!
Did you get my DM with my email? You can always use as well.
I'm BSHU at the yard tonight
You pumping blood when you doing a jumping jack, we extracting blood when we jumping jack. #jackFuckedUp #comedyflow lol
that's so cool -Caden
First mention of second homes. Still listening for discussion of rental housing.
No photo? It didn't happen :)) LOL!! RT : I just touched one of Anais Nin's diaries!
“: Did the Lakers just trade Fisher? Wtf?” yes they did. PISSED!!!!!!!
probably tower to see if cleary wants to start filmin n shizz :p
I might...though I like the real thing more!!
Thank you to Phil and Kobe for the championships AND being class acts from beginning to end! You will always be the best!
yes that's me
Let's build a community for Poly's that the islands can be proud of. If other people can have their own social networks why not us!
I dont even like/care about one direction..but i think they should do more tours in england before any other countries,js
on the edge of my seat. go heels!!
sushi, finally I almost died
my man you mean
I noticed a postcard lying on a sidewalk today — a preacher promoting a sermon with the theme "ROBERT'S RAGE."
Boring day !
Are you needing Great Graphic Design? Contact Galuwi Custom Wall Art Our goal is to provide inspirational imagery focusing on how we look a…
Hope everyone is having a blessed night
@ Glad to know you are doing your civic duty and having a positive outlook at jury duty :)
Saturday, June 18th #BeautifulDisaster "The Fashion Show" ft at
Bridgestone continues to refine and expand Run Flat tyres range - Etyres
when my boyfriend wakes up early to get me Starbucks ❤❤❤ >>>
"meat wagon" has got to be the most unappealing tag line ever
Haunted house bitches :P
Its a beautiful winter day today!!!! Feels like summer...xx
you were awesome today at ! Loved hearing your story
RIP Gary Carter. Condolences to his family.
"What'd you all think of Pink Champagne?? Yeah"💗#Champagne #Quote of the day.
You got this boys! Lets make this a winning team!
well, I consider myself bipolar. -_-
16-2 run for BOS. RT #Sixers start the second half missing their first six shots. They have made 4 shots in their last 21 attempts
2 receive offer u must eligibility requir, comp survey, comp 9 Offers as stated Terms & Cond, not cancel in 2 Offers in 30ds
but eye like those spikes
How are you an NBA player and you don't come into a playoff game prepared to play with energy and box out.
Hey bro did you get the study guide packet done? if so call me homie
Not yet. Contractions are starting to get real though. I'm thinking tomorrow... maybe Sunday.
Let's get #BieberHasLadyParts to trend I know we can do it!
RT : Come visit , , & others at #NRAShow in the FCSI Ask the Design Experts booth #6000 FCSI = free...
Ooh sounds like a great recipe to share ;)
Mussel Bar!
just hit the furthest home run I've seen this year.
live off life !
We know one girl having a not so happy new year. Here's to a flood-free 2012.
haha, technically it does :) i'm busy busy busy :) xx
Micahel was good and showed more range, but Gokey still has it over him.
yo man...I like that new joint u posted
Bubble bath. Then bed.
RT : Nail biting running shoe guy next 2 me just moved 1 seat closer to the middle to get in the camera and shots. So DC...
Troubles are there for a reason. Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.
depends -- do you think people want gifts or recognition?
The insecurities among these women... She just got in the pool and A's soon A's she sees and I, she make her bf leave
Thanks for the shout out!
I like a booty that can talk back to me
I don't have that Talib. New roots is super tight tho!!
I've done that before. But not confidential stuff either. 1 of these days though, i can see myself printing my paystub :)
30 min dinner break and oh joy we get $10 more in food coupons for the gross food court
GM sexy
Waking up to an ocean view is bomb ! ^.^
aye Baeza, who the bestest fans ever ?! :)
I want some panda shades :/.
Thanks for following. Going to be in Vegas in april
we sounded the horn anyway, for the fun of it ;-)
Yep. I found you through the #studentteaching hashtag. Hope that isn't creepy : ) What's your subject area?
Is it just me...or is Matt Painter looking more and more like Vince Gill?
Have a fun
We are proud to announce our newest #DNation mentor, Jessica Wroblewski! She's a runner, triathlete, and soon to be Ironman Triathlete!
Yum RT : I also have Habanero Truffles- today only
...you tryin me?
I wish I was back at the Pasadena PinotFest, I could dunk my head in a big bowl of Pinot right now.
Lol, u are right, sista! My brother has been listening to you since I was a lil girl and I'm 27, so his love runs deep :-)
Thanks Jennifer! We love working with u guys! were talking about how fast u came on and made things happen! Great work!
Neither. Rather: effective.
probably right....I'm not cryin for him.
go to our page and see the nonsense. There is no way our tacos are the best in ATX for some & the worst in the world for a few.
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break, && forever to get back. #Single(:
Resource & research center- goal: strategic solution development & intervention in the high rate of incarceration. www.churchandprison.org
Get over yourself.
No problem!
Tune in to 97.7 @ noon mst for the launch of our new station!
what kind?
Im strong enough to stand on my own i only fall once like a dumb ass for you # no second chances
You can reserve a table at Belle Clementine and do dinner and one glass of wine for $40/person...
both very stunning :) you have one beautiul smile deena!
sorry I was tweeting and watching in real time and since she left I thought it was over, I should have known. watching now
Glad you liked it
Follow Back? (;
just the friends who I actually talk to, and actually make interesting tweets (not a whole lot)
It's Polish Constitution Day. Stay away from Belmont between Central and Harlem. You've been warned.
I guess I'll watch #GreysAnatomy tonight. I gave it up years ago, but a friend from work is dying for me to watch the season finale.
no porblem, thanks for the follow back
Hello HI!
learning how to build an organization page in Facebook. Hoping this comes in handy at work.
Ugh! How can you be a "Life Coach" and a person whose philosophy keeps seeing a 3/4-full glass as half empty?
Shut up and take a hit of the spliff bitch....
this is why I refuse to let people get away with "not everyone is like you, Paddy"
Nice save. Lmao. Thanks. :)
I think Lackey's better than Lester right now...but I can't really see him sustaining it...he's perennially inconsistent.
Oh! Good idea! Somehow need to also convey "most interesting ppl" concept/ideas/knowledge as well. Thoughts?
80 degree weather? this calls for some homemade strawberry sorbet! "Paleo" of course!
Looking forward to my day at tomorrow!
we had some cancellations and were going to try to get other speakers, we've rescheduled. We'll KIT about the new date?
Myles Kennedy, frontman in Slash's band, is good now but he's got only 5--maybe 10yrs (tops) left to hit those high notes
thanks man!
Congrats Michael Pollack RT : At the Phx Business Journal's most admired CEO awards dinner. Congrats to Michael Pollack!”
So have you convinced to join us on the FCIT yet ?
On the plane to ATL to see ah so excited
but that's an actual food place!
This is my first
Just realized how much I'm going to miss the beautiful foreign boys of Boston. :(
#sea If you were an animal, what would you be and why?
Already on it!
oh I saw this yesterday! Looked super cool!
Browns win, Ravens win, now Boardwalk!
I think that every time he does it but I just have a hard time making myself say he's the best lol
Off to a listing appointment in #Greenwood in #NorthSeattle. Wish me luck!
Back at ya, Gay
Somebody feed #ladygaga , she is eating during her performance lmao.
Don't think these people in the middle of nowhere are used to seeing someone with a flatbill and bumpin Slim Thug
Somewhere I can't say it's a secret.
#may, why can't you hurry up?
“: We're back in Nashville and ready to go to work. #wingsin7 #believe”
Tebow leading all rookies in jersey sales. No better combo than a virgin sporting the sexy orange and blue.
When you feel embarrassed then ill be your pride, when you need directions then ill be the guide, for all times. For all time.
My recovery seems to be going well... I just hate being helpless and in pain
sending a few sheep your way. going to try to find a few of my own again :) 'night!
But not for signings, I just wanna see them again before the show :)
Stop talkin bout my hands, ! I got bear hands, you got wolf hands.
RT : jack's skunk hair with glasses omfg perfection asdasdf
Make a reservation to get the best seating in our house! 585-267-7500
I'm going to sandvolleyball, then 701 in Covington KY for Autism Bake Sale, then Lunar
sound like somebody ik
"Priesthood is not about responding, it's about initiating." --my Bishop today in our combined 3rd hr lesson
Is being administratively-challenged a good thing?
Bruner gets Raven award
This mall truly is a wasteland.
In support of Small Business Saturday, I will be speaking at a press conference (2:00 pm) today in Hoboken at the Big Toy Fun store, 602 Wa…
Can we trend #LucAndGaga please?
a Exclusive & Fun party where we sale & show sex toys, romance inhancers & sensual items. It's fun, educational, & inexpesive.
Goddess of the jungle, you are a whore!
uh oh, getting topical on me... all Mayweather talk is identified and grouped together on the news feed. Pretty neat.
Anyone have recommendations for some stellar #legal marketing Twitter accounts? Need them for a research project. Thanks in advance!
Happy birthday !
Thanks for the RT! Would appreciate it if you could list us on your event page too!
Coldplay gives my heart chills..
You r definately MY '11 crush!! Wow! So sexy it hurts!
thanks for following. Need some advertising?
let ya body go
hm that was not the feeling I got at all. *shrug*
Don't forget about our Tea and Cake Book Signing at Warwick'sTuesday, October 25th at 4:30pm!
You need both: blog for SEO and newsletter for lead nurturing -- also, capture leads on the blog and nurture with the letter.
tuesday...flannagans. You in??
That's not nice:(
you can see me at your back now...
could Niall drink at the age 18 or thats just the uk age
and whiten those chompers
If Bon Jovi Really Got Shot Through the Heart He'd Be Dead
That's what's up Make That Money Don't Let it Make you!
>>> pre order #moremalice like pronto bit.ly/dwB06K support the west coast
#RealShit i truly miss u but mayb it wasnt
Glad I'm not the only one.
google breadcrumbs is a branching decision based mobile learning technology
Ask her.
Whats going on at the square ?
Been living on college prowler.
RT - At Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio to see the Cleveland Indians play the Cincinnati Reds!
OKC, BAL, NYC and now Munich, Germany. Our "Olympic Memorable Moments" docu-series in high gear. Off to Berlin. Series debuts May 7th.
This type of weather is when my car ends up looking like a closet because I bring heavy jackets, coats, sweaters--it changes so much!
so umm you don't follow back? Lol
She says I'm a
You got my vote.
I hope it storms today
What Makes You Beautiful was playing during a passing period, so I obviously sang and danced along
Same here! It's ridiculous. Even though I know what they don't it still affects me!
I jumped off the high dive & pretended I couldnt swim. So my buddy could steal the life guards girl when he jumped in after me
What r the green patches coaches r wearing on their sleeves?
Friday starting at 11am we will be grilling out front with The 86 Club. Fresh off the grill food, delicious smoothies, and music!
When you can talk too someone for hours at a time no matter were it might be and talk about anything in the world is the best!
Thanks NICOLE!
If all 5 underclassmen are having a press conference together tmrw, chances are they are all making the same decision.
stfu, knows I wouldn't do that .
the India Fund Manager webinar was excellent! 20 Family Offices+15 Endowments+12 Pensions+7 Sovereign Wealth Funds attended!
RT -Amazing animals-Great inspirational video-Turning disappointment into joy:From Service...
RT @ mikenealis RT : OH: "Peeing on things is like foursquare for dogs."
Heading over to Travis High School to talk about politics again! Can't wait!
whatever Bitch . & Idk not that long Shit rude
great! hope you liked it… more to come.
Thanks - happy to help if you have any questions
WHOOHOO!!! CAN'T WAIT
At Car Crafters, there are no surprises.
Public Finance Attorney Adrian Patterson Joins Andrews Kurth
✋“: By a show of hands, who misses the trees in the batters eye? #Targetfield”
Florida Man Promises Debt Collecting With a Heart - The Ledger
Contractors Accused in Home Improvement Scam
Had a blast last night and this morning with family and friends..2012 has gotten off to a great start!
haha naturally, or I would've seen you.
Awww! Ok well we miss ya. Daniels getting big already. I think it's time for another one. =p Lol jk!!!
On March 26th Venus will conjuncts Neptune making this a day when you will give selflessly. Love in all forms.
I never watched any of them. I should have known 3 boyfriends ago was wrong for me when he did.
☼ AH ha HA HA ha China good luck with that. I got a big laugh out of that, thanks.
Well that'd be awesome! See you there maybe?
Thank you, hope this infographic could help!
No interruption- Hoodie Allen.
so? Every celebrity does. It's not just him.
I only just saw this - Thanks :)
No headphones and CST testing. Perfect
Planning dinner & realized I am a bit obsessed with curries of late...
Ha RT : New coupe off HOE money...now who cappin!!
Happy Endings Cast and Crew!
North Carolina's amendment defines marriage as between two Nicholas Sparks characters.
“ … flight attendants enlisted _male_ passengers to subdue the pilot.” —NPR Fo’ Reals!? How in the hell does the passengers’ genders matter?
Catherine Snow--ise of Word Generation for discussion of topics is highly motivating or students across domains.
I ordered my #SoListen skin and I'm so excited and get wait to get it. Everyone needs to get one. Buy#SoListen. Best song ever
girl, you are just having a terrible day today! Hot bath, good movie, bowl of ice cream... Treat yourself, forget the rest :)
Guest moderator, Rick Santorum.
So the Spurs are up on Sunday at noon it looks like...
AUSTIN YOU ARE THE BEST OF MI LIFE, YOU ARE PERFECT AND AWESOME, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH<3333333
theres also no walmart, or chikfila.
Thanks for the kind words. And I'm really sorry to hear that. I hope things are going OK for you.
The zen buns are back.
If your album wants to pretend it's all weird and shit, a lack of syncopation is a legit criticism.
Coffee, or food, is always a plus. I'll have to check them out next times swing by there.
Michigan Tech, GM To Show Off High School Talent
RT : it was great participating in #SMTulsa via Live Stream. WOOF WOOF
Need The Invisibl Skratch Piklz to reunite for a #49ers tribute mix
I buy it for my guitars. And Walmart and albertsons are always out!
Never make your girl feel like she in competition with another girl..
I Just Broke Montez Necklace O.O
Our authors are using the Authors Advantage program. Don't know if that's available in Asia.
The sparcle in your eyes make me smile, again and again ♥
I am presenting a paper next week at #ashe regarding African American engineers and computer scientists interactions with faculty.
Whoa. New Google Analytics UI. I heart GA. So vital. So under-appreciated!
Wow I thought I would be the only one up at this time on Saturday. Guess these drug dealers need to start early .. Times are hard!
You don't know how hard we've tried to find a male identifying lady bug to fellate... Or how many cats we've fed to ATMs, either
#FF awesome bands to follow
Dude, my mom saw Michael Jackson's dad!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! "Aww... you remembered my birthday" "No , facebook told me"
lol you stupid man!
just watched the trailer. That looks awesome!
I think iv seen this episode of spongebob to many times XD im sitting here saying all the words along with themXD
that is so true. I tell my children that all the time. Its important lesson to learn.
he isnt. i love him and austin
they just called ur name :(
u are such a weirdo
The answer may be its the #maineiacs night....disgusting save from Champion at one end leads to breakaway goal for Houde-Caron at 15:21
#ff i love , by which i mean the band, and not the women who chopped a man's cock off and buried it in the park.
Prayers & well wishes for a speedy recovery go out to Jeff...pulling for ya buddy! GF said he's worried bout the film!...just like him!
can u follow me plz
The gym should charge a separate admission just so I can people watch...some of you individuals in the gym are COMEDY
TY! MT : Happy Thanksgiving
you are too smart for your own good! it worked and you have been tagged on facebook!
the FED or by use of Gray screen or BIS.
I ask my Children to say their Prayers .One Prayed God stop all the Wars except on my Video Games.lol
Peyton wasn't too happy bout that sack
Wonder who all mad @ me
um...it's my Birthday today!!! Wuhoo!
what up boi...how u been homie
yeah! i'm not sure yet. it's all up in the air lol.
Real men wear pink!
eeekk I'm bored
Not bad at al...
Tell me what you're considering - curriculum?
That awkward moment when you're trying to get champagne hookups at a party and your mom walks up telling you to go home
"Drive" with Ryan Gosling... tonight. Media screening. I'm excited!
Exercise in the 'now'. MindFirstFitness.
“: Ive gotten so much out of the DVDs and newsletters. Now to make it to event.” Great to hear! Hope u make it!
Shaun! ugh how come our texting always gets messed up? :(
Would you rather tun through sticker bushes naked or not see your mom for a month?
What's up tweets? Been away a few days, Hope everyone is OK Big week-end coming up!
Get to see Tim today!! Also gonna show him my Prom dress!! #Excited!!!
Congrats to the infamous on your graduation day! Thank you for everything you've done for me! You truly inspire me.
Call the #Lakers that Cali bud, cause they are getting smoked like it by #OKC tonight
i'm not saying i agree. i'm just saying it's not a freedom of speech issue
I see what you did there -_-
I don't care what other girls might say Niall is my FAVORITE boy in One Direction!
• booing a kid's MLB debut is absolutely ridiculous.
New post coming. Tell your mom, tell your friends!
“: Failure is inevitable vikki lee taught that" when you accept failure you become a failure
Come to the Kennedy's for your haircut! Call 407-333-9411 to find out more and for great deals!
Probably piada today!
Thx for the follow. We've seen your wines performing well in a few of our BC clients. Congrats! Cheers!
Emily Owens looks decent on The CW.
“Faith is the confidence that what we hope for will actually happen; it gives us assurance about things we cannot see.”(Hebrews 11:1, NLT)
We only got 3 2bed/2baths left so make sure you come in tomorrow
Hello! Yes I am!
We Formed A "New" Religion ~
#Butler police investigate 2nd crime close to campus in 1 week. Student reported a man with a gun robbed him and stole his car.
"Sanctification" is still relevant!
pulled pork>coleslaw>fried green tomatoes>brooklyn summer ale>pecan pie>brooklyn monster ale. it's good to be the king...
Or Aaron loves Angela?
when people know how to push your buttons & that's exactly what they do <<
Pirate game with my fellow minajjsss
BE COMFORTABLE IN YOUR OWN SKIN EVRYONE IS BEAUTIFUL
and even on websites formatted for mobile! When I first discovered that my mind boggled. Any theories?
I couldn't agree more.
In the office at FLF. Just had my first staff meeting.
This account is fucking embarrassing I'm taking over.
music helps me escape the reality of this shitty world
placing reorder for another happy client on imprinted pens. Thanks Dan V!
Isn't it though?
Life without music <<
nah he was cool haha
too bad these brothers allowed the n-word to seep into the script in a needless and reckless way! Too bad!!
Why is everyone so needy today?!
If u having girl problems I feel bad for u son I got 99 problem but my chick aint one!
Bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe
always good to sell you
most interesting day at busch gardens today... wow :) lol
Check in to on Foursquare during the game tonight for a free coozie to keep your $1 Beers cold!
Snow in the mile high...not gonna stop me.
"You know the guy...always wears his sunglasses on the back of his neck and a Got Beer shirt." Yes. Yes I do.
What's keeping you from reaching your goals? Remember that you can do it!
how do you call that? really - wow
I see at marsh!
I feel very fortunate to have the luxury of being able to fire "shut up and draw" clients.
10 Laps to go - in the lead
thank you! i got through and figured out what i needed.
“: MIke Bibby at the helm let it rain 3's and penetrate and create. #RiseUpNYK” You mean the ghost of Mike Bibby?
Why is #chia a superfood? Because it delivers the maximum amount of nutrients with little calories.
Harvest season is approaching! Stop in at Paradigm Gardens for all of your Gardening Needs!
I want to Be my Teacher i Learn way More Faster than in School Lol Jason Can youh Be My Teacher(: :)ILYShawty<3
you going to Orlando?!
Don't acquire undersized, inefficient 2 guard. Really difficult, isn't it?
the lions on the move
hi beautiful
*How Neat... I'm Impressed.... How Did You Come To Be So Blessed???*
Lots of May birthdays coming up!
lets make it happen! I also require taco access before 11pm.
We can only learn to love by loving!
#BBN other than the new prints I mentioned, also have Teague, Lamb, MKG, Wiltjer, Harrow and one or two of Davis' UNC block
Dancing to The New York Grove :D
So excited to see you featured in Apartment therapy my friend!! :)
so gay hahaha
i need eveyone to follow join the movement
Welcome back to school. Hope everyone's classes are doing well. Get psyched for Fall Rush '09 next week!
Take me far, beyond imagination
Workn on this marriage thing makes me really think nd I dnt lik bein deep wit myself
Did you see Steve Stucker's award this morning? Yeah, we're proud of him, too!
Awesome pick! Good work! RT : Excited to welcome Nick Perry to the Packers. Good football player.
lol that's how they do it I guess.
where's the petco at? Might need to head back to DMV..
Thanks for the Twitter love!
#Boxing #Quote Boxing is smoky halls and kidneys battered until they bleed. Roger Kahn
I love the phantom and now we are no longer related
#theysaytrueloveisblind but you really gotta have some vision problems if your asking a 400 pound woman to marry you
Havent been on twitter all day
how'd you know we had a wing?!??!! Psychic!!
July 4, 1776: the day that we �unfollowed� King George
Aw! I wish I could've gone out with my big! But don't worry, I'll be here this summer! We'll have plenty of big/little time!!
God bless Emma Stone.
You feel this is a smart move?
Stop it with those spams.
Who's to say I'm not a ninja already? :o
TONIGHT - Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
I just did like minutes ago. Maybe I typed your email wrong hold on
hope I win!
Aww...Thank you Michael!
Lmao just saw an interview about lady complaining how expensive Jordan's are that's whats causing the riots in the black community
San Onofre nuclear plant in California leaked radioactive substance yesterday. Amount undetermined. Reactor is shut down.
Thank you for the FF! :) If I have not said it enough thanks for the support & friendship, I appreciate it and am blessed. 💋
I love apple
JaniceLachance: Lovely stay at Nottoway plantation last night. Great way to decompress from
Heading up to the mountains ..ski day for Corey ... so exited.
well, i'm certainly getting my fill of thunderstorms during my visit to oklahoma. however, the golf ball sized hail? do not want.
yeah and then when some make need picks, they pick guys that aren't even close to being best available at their position
Thierry Henry is just gross lol
Please check out my shop! xo
Did you know Honduras was the murder capitol of the world?
not tired at all. Fantabulous mood <3
I realized why my Audi Q7 doesn't have a trip computer...17 MPG. Ouch.
I love the fact that my neighbors decided to mow their lawn right when I start working on stuff. Thanks neighbors, I appreciate the help.
Not really, lol
When the 100 Mb Zip drives arrived there was joy in our hearts. 80 floppies!! Today the 8Mb storage cost 8 or 9 bucks.
have 2 Clemson games on DVR, UNC/FSU. Watching this weekend. As of now, I'm not high on Brandon Thompson, Andre Branch. You?
Happy Sunday to you! Ask your followers to follow us on Twitter! Have a Great Sunday!
In Prospect Park. Falling in love with Brooklyn all over again.
sounds like "2 broke girls" but please tell me it was a little better?
Health insurance brokers are FREE & the best people to use if u r interested in a plan to suit your budget & needs:...
My book, 1-800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier,
ima get soo drunk today i might beat up a russian kid lol
Get Money & Have Fun Spendin It!!!
No more live stream... Sorry!
That's not why I'm asking. Just remembered I had wanted to read it.
do you tweet all your articles? I want my life to be interrupted when you post something.
10 Tablas Creek Antithesis #Chardonnay. Classic CA Chard. Butterscotch, creme brûlée nose. Continues on palate. Buttery velvet 94 pts
Whenever I hear someone on KUT talk about "this donor wall…" I hear "the stoner wall…"
Paid $15 / 24 hrs to use the wifi on my laptop in my room at the hyatt. If I also want to connect w/my ipad, I have to pay another $15.
Oh snap Christmas is this week already!!! Hope ya'll r ready.
Four hours is possible. You know you want to go. ;)
"God Morning Vieetnaaaam"
Thank you!
some shit is about to go down.
lol u are too cute
Shout out to ! I could go for a COLD #OXYwater BLACK w/ my lunch right now!
Just heard the pitch for , a corporate collaborative blogging tool, & thought it'd have great potential for governments.
Please follow me:)
Congrats on #10000 wins from The Cincy Brass!
Just when I thought she was the one. Guess I will be team single forever
Jerry Springer offers some really deep and intelligent final thoughts!
I need to get a manicure done!!!
I tend to think on a more average scale than I probably should
Have you checked out www.facebook.com/CigaretteCinemas yet? No? Do it and "Like" us! Let us know how to "Like" your page and we will!
I hate how i forgive easy😓
Mayweather<3 can't wait till the day of the fight!:D
Read your DM's.
well said. Either exploiting action or determining the action.
RT : Shout out to Michael Field from San Diego Natural History Museum for sharing his knowledge of exhibit installation. PRICELESS
speedos and a cowboy hat? *shrugs* i dunno
Be the peaceful presence
congratulations! They are so lucky to have you.
Gotta love HARRY POTTER!
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.
Happy happy joy joy! Off to the beach'
Fantastic! Thank you for the info.
It's always nice to have Taco Bell now and then to help remind myself why it's never a good idea to have Taco Bell.
Sorry to miss IPSC 8/29 in SF! Sad I am not there anymore! :(
Have your peeps call my peeps and we can meet at Nick's! No but seriously let us know when you can grab lunch!
cool well i hope you become a fan of Newsick!
Oh hell... open yo eyes!
Last session of the day: Integrating withe the Guest O/S Using the vSphere SDK
disnt your mom tell you to stop doing that, you are going to go blind... Starring at your phone
Ed Di has 1 good game and now thinks he steers ship. Don't expect to see him much this week.
Do you see the life I bleed? So follow me into the sun, and I will bleed the poisons dry, for you
The woman said there were 13 puppies but they kept the one that looked more like the husky :< sadfaaace. One looked like a
Tonight 6pm LA time. Live SINGLE CHEF Spaghetti & Meatballs. Fast & furious live cooking done simply 4 U!! www.theroomlive.com Best! Matt
Oh my, that's really good editing ! haha I'm trying to get my hair that color :) & awh thanks!! :D
lol not really...I have more than enough right now I just want it a lil lower
#HappyBirthdayKidrauhl luved his music then and i luv it now
Today is the coldest average day of the year in Milwaukee. A good time to focus on looking for the positives in what cold can bring!
Congrats to on a great round! Awesome tourney!
Soothing voices of #Masters broadcasters on par with perfect nap!
Welcome to the new twitter feed to Hybrid and Online Teaching at #Baruch College, CUNY. New info will be tweeted as it comes in, stay tuned!
u know what i just thought of caden?
What would you do if I told you that I lalala love you?
It's 106 in Las Vegas (but only feels like 101....). The hacker crowd is starting to fill the hotel for Defcon.
A very tight handle indeed.
Wearing a dgk varsity jacket with chuck taylors while skating makes you look confused..
oh are we gonna have sexy time dom? No right? :p
Wow I just went into another world!
I'm good haven't talked to cody in a while tho :(
once and for all, know WHO you are and start there...
RT : I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend [...] Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
Exciting weekend coming up
I want to reprint that verbatim for my next column.
I can't wait! I'm not so excited about icarly cus I don't like the show I'm only watching it for u guys but Im excited for SNL
girl, heard you're getting your belly pierced. so kayoootieee bb ~~~ getting mine next week, post a pic (:
;n; BBY LOVE ME
Mini heart attack. Coat racks look too much like murderers in the dark.
to tumblr or not to tumblr?? what is this tumblr you speak of?
Let's chat soon!
practice Saturday? And where?
also, thank you for the #FF, much appreciated! :)
dude I think I saw you at the mall o_O was not sure tho on Saturday I think it was.
I hope with the proper care she will start to improve rapidly.
Hey baby boomers, we don't call ourselves" millenials" that name sucks it sounds like a star trek species
Puking, crying, feel like I'm gonna have a heart attack.
will do!
I come frm a broken home sorry RT : Why this nigga always hoeing the Zetas? Lmao
T Brewer Trio LIVE recording @ The Jazz School, Berkeley THIS Sunday, Oct 11th, 4:30p! Come lend your voice/applause to this 1-time event!!
Working on downsizing - again! The less I walk with the better!
is that a corn muffin with guacamole?
Had lots of fun and learned a ton at #dlfforum and #thatcamp #pub but am so glad to finally be home! If only I had energy left to join
Post concert depression 😔 I had fun though (:
People that ride golf carts in airports, do the moving sidewalks just require too much energy for you?
Calories and Cold. Caloric restriction (10-15% RDA) is now joined by "low body temperature" as longevity biomarkers. Source: SRI May 2011
you can test my talent anytime....like for real.
There are few greater tragedies than having a full day of code in front of you and you left your headphones at home.
4 hrs of sleep .. 13 hr drive to #Nashville .. this is gonna be a fun day lol
kill it at #sxsw #warnersound show. Are you signed to Warner now or just on the line up?
Coyle: "hope that [Google's] botched attempt to commercialize the contents of libraries will not prejudice the future of digital research."
Getting my wheels back today. Now I can return to the gym!!
Ugh... Monday.
Awh, you little baby bird. Wasn't it delicious? Just wait, it's nothing but hunger dreams and ranch dressing from here.
oh my gosh I LOVE THEM
and now I understand your instagram photos from yesterday.
i'll be happy with a solid C! the SWOT is a totally different story
.....Are you watching the Giants game with my brother? lol
My husband doesn't have any grandparents, though, so I'm blessed to have so many still.
watching the #cowboys instead of studying.
Speak for yourself. I always keep a clean room...
#glee has inspired me to rewatch #westsidestory for the bajillionth time
well they started cheering Wade when he held up a Yankees hat, so it looks like it was about Tebow.
SEE YOU TONIGHT GIRL VEGAS!!
I can see you:)
For a mind trip, watch 'Minority Report' again (aptly named) in the context of Zimmerman. Ethics issues raised by future 'pre-crime' system.
she's not on the program, but I'll look for her. Asecs 14 in Williamsburg, so I'm sure she'll be there.
#lolwutgtfonoob is the best thing to say to people.
WNDR3700 worked out of the box. almost boring... I'm tempted to replace the firmware just because...
not a prob
Opening Day 2012 just got a whole lot better for Milwaukee. No more Larussa, no more Pujols...
Thanks Doll! (: xx
stay safe!
Designing my lil heart out!
i'm all for user-centered design. But don't tell me the user is always right. The user is often a fucking moron, and you know it.
RT RT apps to be ready by of Apply by 3/1
wordd some fresh shit, im tryna do some shit too so def let me know. we need some hype shit lol.
Yes ! Beauty Bar! fashion show and magic after party!
Can I Skype With You I Havent Tweeted To You Before I Only Right On Your FB Wall Sorry I Have Wanted To Skype With U FOR A WHILE
And to blossom-scented fresh air breezing through the windows. RT : ♥ To sun shining, birds singing & spring in our steps! ♥
Yes sir
Yeah. Like this one picture Justin was looking STRAIGHT at the camera!! I was like wtf?
Miss you guys! Been out of touch prepping for trial
RT : Is this discussion worth having before evry kid has has access to high speed, reliable Internet? #edchat , my thoughts 2
Adam Sandler & Andy Samberg pure genius #420 "That's my boy" gonna be comedy gold @ the box office $$ Lorne's comedy Jewish sons
sweet! More awesome members!
remind me to share a video of my first year of teaching. YIKES! Thanks for joining the #ECET tweetworld!
So....I can still wear this cheese hat the rest of the year right?
old school hip hop/rap from the 80's and 90's is thee best to me hands down its like my addiction...
A Cleveland wedding which means we're doing wedding party pics at...u guessed it: Voinovich Park :-/
Hey Natalie!It was great to Meet You in Silverlake.Just wanted to tell YaI'm playing tonier if You're around.
who is online?
It is officially the weekend!Today's drink is the Spanish Mocha...vanilla and cinnamon, sounds good to us :)
thanks!! good to know! What's news with youse?? ♥ Aoede ♪♫
thx for the follow! Keep spinning
Good to see you out here in the Twitterverse! ~ rosie
Gay parade sunday on south beach, great way to end prom weekend!
LOVING this crazy rain! Maybe tomorrow will be the day I find a pot of gold.
this man called his og for two bags of flamin' hot cheetos... smh
#imagine Louis is sleeping and you attack him with a pillow Louis: AHH! you: morning babe *kisses him*
I <3 too. So many truths in there!
IF ONLY! "Look at THIS guy …"
you know it
#10FactsAboutMe My mum's been going back and fourth to and from the hospital.. She's doing fine at the moment, though.
Planning a summer #wedding? It's not too late to schedule your free consultation. Call us today!
in the city proper?
I love messing with my mom <3
My nigga out side with some church socks on lhh
Watching love storys while its storming >>
The first #SuperBowl tickets went for $6-12. This year's face value range is $800-1200.
Morning tweeps! Good luck to all during the first day of classes! Make this an active semester with Campus Rec!
#InCaseYouDidn'tKnow I could care less about what you think about me.
oh semaj cousin.... she cool af.... go follower her.... this is my twin jamie
so its official, we're getting married. We'll talk more details when you come to Seattle. ;)
Lol RT : Just announced: The Pacers-Sixers conference finals will be broadcast on truTV.
omg that really bothered me last night:)!!! Haha I couldn't stop talking about it
don't mind if I do lol oh you wasn't talking about me
National Bieber Day! Happy Birthday ! I Love You! <3
Hey Northwestern! We want 2 pair up with U for a fundraising opp w/ Chevy this smstr. DM us back for deets!
♬ Thanks so very much for your time, patience and being so personable, you are providing a brilliant service ♬
i have an upgrade but i still need to pay 200 dollars and an extra 100 dollars for 2 year insurance
i love you this bigg(: <33
Pilates exercise will improve your posture greatly where you will be able to stand up straight & show more gracefulness in your movements!
Tasters made it fun yesterday. Thx to (nice stream of the event), , and champion tweeter
This game is getting ugly! 2 flagrants in one game
Ran into our friend Edward Albee when we were at Masters & Pelavin to see Thomas Lail's show.
SMH...ppl pissing me off at work, now off to my second site hopefully things are better over there.
The amount of closed roads In Indiana is getting absurd
Sydney Levin: 'Real Housewives of New Jersey': Teresa And Joe Talk It Out: Over at Kathy's, the BBQ is failing as hard as Albie Manzo...
Had lots of fun at the Dark Harbor on the Queen Mary!! They scare good gotta keep your  open if not damn...
;_; i'm crying now xD NOT >:P
I'm Fina cram for this exam after work. and i could use a car wash. maybe just might do that.
Got 1st place in my first competitive game of golf today! Word! Now GreeNHouse!
thank you !
so its been 2hours...did ya start yet?
Shaking with excitement about the tour of the chemical heritage foundation today. The gallery is amazing!!
#iwannagiveashoutoutto all my haters!!!
Let's go spurs... still in the lead...51-48
Two awesome workshops today with director Guy Norman Bee and CD Scott David! So blessed! :)
Neglected to mention the G&T planned after the last game! Have a great day, yourselves!
- AAM conference this weekend! Our team is ready and fired up!
you're already unfollowed :)
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
Do let me know what you think when you get to it.
I LOVE THIS CHICK SO MUCH FUCK ME PLZ
Spending a couple of minutes on the internet before doing homework, then "i'll just do this tomorrow during lunch".
Just sayin' a big hello to ! Hope the day is terrific!
Oh, that's the best news, thanks for pointing out irginia is waking up!
"What time is it?" is the top search on Yahoo. As a wise man once said, "I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
Raeburn - Big data isn't about the buzz - its about taking data and understanding how it impacts business - build an information advantage
About to watch "the help" , excited...
shout out to Jordan on 2K?.
Contemplating if I should just go home after my next class.
German food for me is always like an episode of Man vs. Food. Food invariably wins.
He's a phenomenal player. I agree with those that say he would be better hitting leadoff again.
What goes up must come down an karma is a bitch when she come back roun
Family exercise is a healthy choice. This might take the form of a day at the beach a hike or maybe just some fun bowling!
lol wbu? are you doing anything this weekend?
Farewell. RT Hatches between the International Space Station and a space shuttle were closed for the final time at 10:28 a.m. EDT.
Hey and fans in McAllen, Texas tune into Fox2 News now to learn about the Lean Belly Challenge!
eoc this week omg im so scared and nervous.
Morning. Today the first rehearsals.
There's a dude on TLC boiling and baking goat heads for dinner because he's too cheap to buy real food.
"An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one." ~ Charles Horton Cooley
why is it that when ever we play more than twice a week. we never play any of them.
to : "The roar can't be taught."
Matt Kemp with a walk off home run in the bottom of the 10th. #ThinkBlue #Dodgers #KEMVP final score 4-3
i aint finna lie a lot of women look weird in sneakers but make them look good!
Hi Pearl, you hanging in there
Ddamn. That is some serious company you've put us in. Thanks fellas!
that's for life bro
Glad to hear it! Tweet-up is at Hilton, if you hadn't heard yet. :-)
That would be exciting! :-) Three of my top choices: Australia, Brazil or Iceland.
Correction... Dr. Wood presents the candidate and Dr. Magruder confers the honorary degree.
The board that tweets together, um, er, practices excellent governance together? Workin' on it...
I second that!!
SHOWCASE YOUR WORK - Submit a photo for Photo of the Week on Musée Online! Make submissions to
Hey, I miss you!:( <3 Skype soon? :) & you should def sing to me haha. :) love you!
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. - Emo Philips
wednesday. staying in wailea
5 guys with and
I'm going to miss that big chubby face crouched in the corner of the court next season.
its my 16th birthday can i please get a shoutout? love you! :)
what are you doing today?
Happy 28th birthday to !
Join us this Friday for our black love panel! 6pm at the center!
PB&J is never sad. What's wrong with you?
In My Feelings Bout Cha Right Nah!!!!!!!
Thank you, possum, for rustling outside the window when some show about serial killers is on. It really helped with my insomnia.
its zero carbs, zero calories, zero sugar with a brand new flavor profile - gotta try it
Got something else going on tonight. Maybe see you guys at the hotel bar late(r)?
"It's raining! It's pouring! The old man is snoring! He bumped his head, on the side of the bed, and didn't wake up till morning!"
Devonte gone get f'd up forreal
ok now I am. I did it wrong. Using a new app lol
its ok
Can't wait to leave Friday
younger women...
For fear of actually meeting my neighbors, I just walked half a block down the street and turned back around.
I kinda get the feeling I'm never going to find out "How He Met His Mother", but then again I'm only on Season 3!
I only posted the gif to see peoples reactions cause it makes me laugh xD
hey thanks for following :) have you checked out our music yet?
thats like mentoring
you didn't deserve a damn thing especially from some the mcjumpoff delux identity thief
#FF SHOW LOVE TO THESE TALENTED FRIENDS TOO
Yep-having issues on my iPad. Seems like it could be an issue with the disqus comment plugin. Things look fine until that loads
The Wayans brother ghost from The 6th man? RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr…
I don't know that I would care. Hodgeman's books are pretty agelessly goofy.
Vote in our Rate The Music poll today! We want to hear your thoughts on 's song "I Do Not Hook Up" on www.iheartmusic.com
you can't prove that
I'm going to sleep now.
Those Corvids are all smart!
at the Neighborhood Law Clinic session
speed typing is very possible on the iPad. I'm touch typing at 65 wpm. Our typing trainer app certainly helped.
pretty shitty. I'm tired and didn't do any of my homework haha. how bout you?
Attn: #CapHillDC! >> #NavyYard peeps: don't forget that Potbelly opened today in -- new lunch option!
I respect that
Troy Taylor and are on ustream RIGHT NOW
u must be in an HBU class lol
More big news in the college football world today... that's right... The Mountain West Conference has a new logo!
You know you have an obsession when you can scroll through tweets and know exactly who said them and why..
I'm 10 feet away from Radiohead and I feel my life being complete.
Haha nice! Which ep were you in??
In Chitown till Friday night. Watching tomorrows game should be interesting as I'm sporting my green and gold.
Someday we'll know if love can move mountains.
I'm in the happy place. More wine?
I have heard October 3rd or 5th.. Should know for sure soon
OMG Nick Guess what if we Make a School for Only Us ICONiacz will youh Come :D :)ILYShawty<3
I'm on my way home from hanging out with all of the awesome freinds that I haven't seen in a while.
Why are we not home yet?
may i call u liz?
This!! RT : I just can't get into lil wayne.
Thinking of ways I can organize my workspace a bit more this week. Maybe reorganize my drawers!
If their temples are any indication, I don't want to know what the Mason's secrets are.
Just wanted to let you know, #Insurgent was totally available on the Kobo e-reader site to buy!! Reviews are already amazing!!
“Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah…" ~ Rumi
and Thanks for following :)
Imma fall in the floor crying. Like seriously. I can't believe you're gonna embarass me in front of my crush!:(
Jackson is one of those slimy guys that shoved kids in their lockers in high school.
WOW! keep doing your thing!
By take off, I mean that ontologies exist in most domains, not simply in a few (& growing # of) specialties
we need?
I'm not conceded just confident
“: HATERS ALWAYS TALK ABOUT STEALiNG SOMETHiNG FROM SOMEONE ... WiNNERS ALWAYS TALK ABOUT BUiLDiNG AN EMPiRE” legendary
Nice to meet you at the CALD meeting today.
Sell it, hoping she can pay some those back taxes she owes....
Hell yeah. Thanks! RT : Drive it like you stole it sister - love it! Congrats!!
in love with the university of south carolina<3
Applied for the editorial assistant position with over the weekend! Crossing my fingers!
Now you're losing followers....how's that work?
"Let's do lunch" -me to dog before making a sandwich
My bro thinks he is getting the iPod tomorrow.
Human beings by nature want happiness and do not want suffering
your beautiful babe!
no problemo buddy!
I would like like to invite you to "Life is Sweet" on 11/09 from 6:30 to 10:00 pm at Silo Point Penthouses. www.bestbuddiesmaryland.org
hey i am a huge fan of you. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Happiness and Customer Experience: Interview with Bernd Schmitt
Our house is blessed to share some love with Entourage Jazz and some of our favorite patrons. Happy Valentines.
you are in that group of blond white girls that aren't allowed to say that. Feel lucky you can even listen to it
I wanna try Microdermabrasion
Favorite line in Clannad: Negi's dad: You act like we got an ass full of porn magazines back here. But we don't. XD
Keep rabbits inside - March of myxomatosis - Campbelltown Macarthur Advertiser
likely mentally ill i would guess. but dedicated! can't imagine it would be easy to get floor level seats for the playoffs lol
Probably more like 2014. Will be lucky to be mound ready by mid season 2013.
To all those #teamfollowback spammers... I WILL melt your computers.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom, Elizabeth Barrows! Such I'm awesome person, I'm lucky to be her son.
Hopefully Bollers next int is a touchback.
Go see tonight at the 92Ytribeca. Wish I could go!
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
Smurfs taste like chicken but give you bad gas...
I agree
wimp. You said you like running more anyway hahaha. Thinking about taking that one back now? Haha
If Ellsbury only played once every 5 days, would you consider him MVP material? Don't blame the voters. MLB needs a rule change.
Yeah, to complement Frank Gore and the leagues best defense. Sweet.
you are so nice. :-) thx 4 listening. Im serious...hang inthere
Ive got the moves like jagger. LOLJK, I dance like an awkward penguin.
but a tongue ring is.
- Fina Get Another Tattoo . .
Do you work today ?
It can be difficult to make a point when the other person is convinced in the opposite.
LOL I like that quote!
Going to the toughest looking bouncer at a strip joint and asking if haggling is allowed.
nice! lol. just saw this...my twitter has been down 'til now.
Did you tell her that you just left practice?
oh ok and dont make plans for sunday
not like he would care.
whoa Micheal Jackson is dead...!
is a beast
no we don't lol
I just found leftover cake pops in our fridge from Christmas. Pretending I don't know how quickly the eggs in those go bad.
If the sun isn't up yet I don't think anyone else should have to be either!
Brandy was a HUGE part of the soundtrack of my childhood 😊💿🎧
The @ ZooFit page is live. Like, and check out the completely simple plan to get your body ready for summer!
So I'm not DETERMINED to watch 1 season of some show before I go back to school. #sopranos or #americasnexttopmodel ????
lmao i fell for it and just had a mini heart attack thanks alex:L
am fine... Sorry for late replay cause I have another twitter account
I can't wait to see DKM in march!!!
Enjoying some great folk art in Old Town!
RT : The attorney for Ohio State's Terrelle Pryor says the QB won't return for his senior season.
Garibaldis with my two favs!!! Can't wait to drink some tequila!!!
Im too fucking nice, I cant stand it.
OMG...just realized and can prove our banking system is corrupt. We didn't borrow money from them, they created because of us!
Guyss celyna lost her story so im going 2 start mine ! :) hope we'll find it son ! :) xx michelle ♥
Happy Valentines Day!
I'm not proud of anything I do. It seriously kills to know the shit I do to people.
what you doing?
Solutions: fine tune online resources
I recommend Systane for dry eyes.
“: #Cancer Friendship Style: You're a loyal friend that likes to stay in touch, even if you move away.” :)
woo! that's awesome! Saturday works great, 11? 12? (clearly wide open.) hahaha. yay!
is the awesome!
Help a 3-month-old fighting cancer. Follow
If the man can wait he don't think ur worth the wait. If you cant wait then its not that serious to you obviously.
me too. and she is making it hand over fist.
I dislike when people don't text me back.
Combining allergies, fasting and vegan? May as well add suicide and be done with it.
when shall we expect you? :)
RT : Tonight President Obama will be addressing a joint session of Congress to share a plan to create jobs and grow our......
Can everyone please follow help her get to her next goal RT please k just go follow her
Wheree you benn shun ?
Desire A New Pilot Watch Surfing Designer Watches Plus More- diving watches
You and I obviously aren't dating the same girls then... #JUST-SHOOT-ME...SERIOUSLY!!!
that's better!lol
Still time to jump in you car and head to tonight at 7:05pm!!! 3108 McGinnis Ferry Rd, Suwanee GA 30024 - love to have YOU!
Cool so are you going to put up more videos and I want to book you for my party next year in november in chicago :)
niggas stealin swag but im throwin cash niggas wanna jack really really bad bitch im swagged up im throwin cash up pick the money up
thanks, mijita. c:
Check out Pew report on battlefield energy at truman project .org
come watch it with us at 's house. We're having a watch party with Dont be lame.
So true! And really, what human is only interested in 1 topic?
I sent another poem poetry contest for that what I said before. Cheer for me! It was about love. Excited.
we missed each other by a day - i was looking for lunch yesterday
sorry, I was being sarcastic, but no room left for #sarcasm!
Just finished doing the Playboy Morning Show with Andrea and Kevin. Had so much fun!
I cannot blame you there
So stressed. Gotta be out of my place by Thursday.
"Newt, Mitt shook his thing at me last night." "My God, Calista. His penis?" "No ... his wallet." "Hmm ... interesting ... interesting"
That's right! RT : Looking forward to seeing all of our followers and customers at IBS this week!
would it be safe to guess that thursday's show will include a lot of songs off the new record?
HI! :D Where are you!? Do you come back tomorrow? I miss you're face.
There are ten human body parts that are only 3 letters long.
Thanx for the suggestions. Now to actually put them into practice.
Looking forward to seeing Paul Simon and Wynton Marsalis this Friday at JALC. The troubadour and the trumpeter together.
It is unattractive to speak kind words in someone's face and then trash them when they aren't around.
Did you think it's delicious?!
Where is & ? I haven't talked to them in forever o:
Why is davidson in man def? Go zone, force perimeter shots.
watchin #raw :D i love the name pablo :D
Thanks a million! super excited about this!!
#Shoutout to for letting his friends on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn know about #YoungeHollywoodBlast!
So I didn't intend to, but I fell asleep at around 7:30 pm last night... longest sleep I've had in a WHILE
It was my pleasure Eric, I look forward to the #aecsm chats!
Apparently transporting coffee into the airport creates a 50 cent surcharge, judging by the price.
If that shit really happened , all hell gone break loose .
i'm trynna do stripes on my nails but failing so
Highlight of my night: the City Council meeting featured free cookies.
it was kinda hot. I love when people get after the refs.
Bauhaus succumbs to the power outrage and closes early.. I'm off to go James Bond out of the parking garage!
yep, just found out i'm going to SXSWi! also, i'm interested in for a personal side project that i'm working on
wow you're so beautiful I want to look so
Biggest pet peeve: when people chomp their food. So disgusting.
Mine is: Whole Lotta Love - Led Zeppelin
Why does Veras still have a Pirates uniform?
i now have a new boat story. :-)
The world is all gates, all opportunities.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
haha your so sweet!!
we are on fire. Giggs comes back and the engine will be full for next 80miles to the cup.
You must have downloaded it to your iPad then. Do you see the app on your iPad home screen?
enjoy the show!
I'm really feelin this person...Too bad i know its never gonna happen. only time will tell.
:) so glad to hear it!
oh, so many balls in the air for me!! Am workin' as fast as I can on that! In the meantime, did you get the holiday discount?
The winner of the 4 VIP Breakfast tickets for the Milwaukee Holiday Parade is !
Thanks for the links to the NC photo. Beautiful buildings!
Did you know that Trey Songz "Already Taken" was worked on at KMA among other songs on the radio! :)
There are a good 10 teams that don't scream bandwagon.
Tune in this weekend and see Christy and Ignatiy discuss the state of 3D films today in a special show we're calling "To 3D or not to 3D!"
I love #AustinRestaurantWeek :)
Interesting. I'd love to talk more w/you sometime about that, whether here or elsewhere. (re: libraries & digital publishing)
oh then fuck u
My hair hasnt been this long in 4 years
now they're going to be named after Hamilton.
I may be missing something, but I'm really baffled as to why we're supposed to care about Secret Service members using prostitutes.
I will be attending the first meeting for the Mechanical & Fuel Gas Code this Thursday at 9:00am 501 N. Post rd. FYI
come to Los Angeles California and visit me come to my stand up comedy shows.
Thank you well let me know if we can do any work together in the future!
the malaysian but I'm just looking for quality curly hair that can be straightened n still curl up.
8 yr old shared his cold with me which means I got to spend the afternoon reading in bed guilt free. #silverlining #Amreading Charming Billy
RT Just got an update that Brandon Roy WILL play tonight!
ur welcome dont worry we all go through it and man i hate it alot
Haha Yeah that would have made me stop listening to it too.
well the writing is horrible but then again these are her 1st books... I'm finishing them so I know what happens that's it.
Jets got tebow
watching the end of charlie st. cloud.. omg it so sad
im pretty w. alot goin for myself
it's worth thinking about the NYer style as an attempt to replace rather than popularize. Props to LM tho for the Prag anthology.
EVERYONE CHECK OUT THE NEW "WHATHAPPENEDLAST NIGHT" PAGE I DESIGNED ON
if i win the lotto im goin to skool and cuss out #errrbody #every teacher janitor lunch lady counselor secretary police librarian specialed
Met a band of Canadian Burlyconners who asked my burlrsque name. How's Dusty Fingers grab ya? # burlesque
Rain delay already and were not playing yet.
I wish I was an island right now
We're going to see when they come back in a week yeah?:) It's a deal! x
"We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment." Hilaire Belloc
Follow us face book and twitter and receive a free class
These random ass numbers
listenin to my cousin (Bruno Mars: lol j/k)..i wish<<nite beautiful ppl <3
“: need West Ham to keep fighting !!! #team #edge” Absolutely YES
I regret the spree!!!!
I'm not sure what the means but it sounds kinda geeky..lol
'I personally believe that here in #South Africa, with all our diversities of colour and race, we will show the world a new pattern for...
Well done Jeff Long. Well done.
by the way, who RT's that stuff..?
Laws out tonight damn !
lol yeah but i hadnt been on twitter
That's because your style is correct. Oxford comma is only lists of 3+ etc. Never with only 2, never even heard of that!
"(Sparks is) Hilarious... will appeal to teenagers who are a little bit on the outside." - School Library Journal
anyone out there in land know the top secret number for the bus depot to call and complain when buses are late? Tweet it!
give it to me!
I'm so sorry.I'm honestly not trying to,I've already changed my password and everything idk what to do
I won't check in the AM until I am on metro. That way I know if there is anything I have to address 1st thing.
yup(: and I'm planning a summer weekend vaca at myrtle with a lot of people u trying to go?
Thrilled to have been a part of #rp2011 today! Come have a chat with at the Olin 220 circle at the reception
Coyotes are pretty good ventriloquists.
I don't know that I'm depressed, maybe the rest of you are just too happy in a way that can't be clinically diagnosed.
Why didn't I do HDFS?
hola! Please follow us
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!
Operation Just Cause was the code name for the U.S. invasion of which country under George H. W. Bush?
Being in early classes make me mad... All these seniors tweeting they shouldn't be up. Smh
Once AGAIN if your girl don't like a bitch don't fuck with that bitch, if your man don't like a niggah don't fuck with that niggah!!!
have a safe trip hope to meet u soon :D
Get your Business needs handled at a fraction of the price of half of what you would pay with more of your input! Diamond Dezign Ideas!
Whole thing made me feel bad for her - gang mentality. Of course, producers desired result since I'm sure she "wins"
Ughh my whole body is so sore 😔
I'm following the #40dollars stream, rather entertaining...
My love for One Direction grows more and more everyday.
Thank you so much! I grabbed a sandwich at Coffeeland the other day and thought about you. Hope you're well!
lame! I'll guess I'll have to see it again
And thanks so much if you've already shared &/or donated to our campaign! We appreciate it a ton!
How 'bout those Ravens, Dr. Bob? Do you get back home to Baltimore often enough to see any Ravens home games?
Yes it does! Nice job. How's your softball team doing?
We have over 250 followers in the first week! Thanks for following.
Ander Monson seems to like hyperlinks. & the word “rock.” & feels as though he mightn’t exist. See him at the Poetry Off the Page symposium!
and I are at boss level. Fuck with us.
A Fresh Fruit Bowl @ Firehook Bakery is amazing! We serve the freshest seasonal fruit salad possible!
like my new background ??????
im pretty good at this stuff huh? (;
I love waking up in the morning knowing my Spurs won & are looking to add more pieces in the future, that sets the tone in the NBA IMO.
#OffWorkShawty one more move to make, and then its lights out!!
I need to find my jacket before I go to sleep, fuckkk.
Either that or curl into a fetal position and play dead. It works with bears, so why not crowds?
#Cavs got a first round pick for a guy who was likely leaving as a free agent in a few months, how is that anything but a great deal?
I need new feet. Mine are dead.
Oh, fun! Will put thinking cap on when I find it LOL!
Pilates and Zumba!!!
Boo! RT i do not care for the music of soulja boy
Think this is enough rain???
the headset yelling at you to change the battery but youre too lazy to get up ..
I use the word bitch a lot , sorry bitches.
Every pop fly to Betemit has me on the edge of my seat.
thanks for taking a look, please let us know if you have any questions.
will live tweet tv timeouts, puppy bowl, commercials, gisele sightings, and boring half time show. not actual football stuff.
Food, Book, Music = Lunch
Interesting! Well, that makes sense! How does the work compare/re: job satisfaction?
cherry poptart=success
“Oomf still bald headed! Girl it's 2012 get yo weave game up booboo!”
Goals are something I resist because I never follow through.
one of the meaningless and time-consuming things I have to do: write various lengthy self-evaluation reports. sigh.
Chris are u stil funny? long time no see
House OKs $36.5 million to keep #Hornets in New Orleans
Not foil. The fire and water feature a raised, high-gloss finish. No foil.
50 miles out from Charlotte, NC.
Time for my nightly twit.
Recording with Ami Saraiya then swinging old school with Myles Hayes at the Firehouse. 6:30-9:30
I love you...
When he grew out his beard.
I know, its so true though!! (x lol
Listening to Ryan Adams' "Easy Tiger". Such a great album!!!
pick an evening next week then.
I will tomorrow ;)
You go LeBron, give that death stare after hitting a shot up 19. #GoLakers?
Think orange! Getting so close! Find the orange street team between 4-7pm to claim you gift card
The throwbacks? Meh. How is Bella the cat?
cannot wait till I turn 18..
On the way to a meeting
Merrigan is promoting Gary Matteson's notion of "Retail Ag", the best concept we've heard to define the market size of direct/local.
Most amazing stat of the 1st half: #Thunder only had ONE turnover.
So bored at lunch with no one to talk to.
The greatest wealth is health
they are cinna-spins.. made out of SUGAR COOKIES! BOOM!
Vernon High doing the Jr. version of Guys and Dolls!?!?! Lol
F.N.B. Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
#twitter need ta do sum bout this spam shit on the tt's
What's up guys
Wetter than a pool.
when ain't u never rude , stupid
Hi! Is this John Hinze from WC? This is Marianne Pleticka
Someday I want to completely soak my skin in highlighter ink then wander around in a blacklight room.
oh well, it never stopped me from doing what i have to do.
Shooting "Overtime" tomorrow !
I as in iodine??? Lololol
hey girl! You famous yet? :) What's new for you in the music biz?
In no way do I regret not sleeping last night to see #Avengers. I do however regret the pound of popcorn and gallon of diet coke I consumed.
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 42
So since its senior ditch day everyone else decided to ditch too?..
You inspire!!
Thanks. I completely respect and follow team cribs but they're giving me a hard time......
haha yes! especially if we did it to that certain person. They would crap their pants if we snuck up &yell that hahaha
We're not Damon. His Twitter account is
omg you really are amazing at drawing
great show, really helped me better know #teaparty mindset, makeup, drive and bias. Perspective and compassion, uh clueless!
Allegro will be performing Dance Gallery on March 15 at Ohio County Library in Wheeling @ 7pm --tickets on sale now!!
I think dallas or around dallas Its like right by 75 u kno where 75 is right? (the highway) what grade r u in??
You know you're well rested when you wake up before your alarm :) Glad I slept early English AP here I come
What are you doing the rest of your life? The North and South and East and West of your life.
yeah my banks there
Regret got shit on what you feeling.
Happy Birthday Jimmy Page
"We Are The Endless Colors Of God's Perfect Rainbow" A quote From the Book "Color Me love by" Tsikki Thau
Hey, some of our locations do, and they might just be coming back to more of them next year ;-)
easy to say when not married yet
Really wish I wasn't awake right now..
Why are people so judgmental? fuck society and what they think you should be.
not helping!!
Great. Gonna watch the Mircale of Life now -_- kill me
A dining hall lady just told me I made one of the best grilled wraps she's ever smelled! And it's vegan!
wat's yer favorite kinda burrito? ours is all kinds
omg I knowww..I feel so bad for him :( he's so adorable I love him and her together ♥
My love is conditional, but my conditions are reasonable.
oh yes. I didn't get my speech until that bell. And they thought I was doing rebuttal & I freaked out & talked to my
That's what it means
Tomorrow celebrate Mother's Day at Ward's! We are open this Sunday from 4pm - 7pm Free glass of house wine & dessert for Mom
i cant lie. I really am thinking about just going by my last name. Its catchy
Bad accident in final laps in Nationwide race at Talladega, driver being cut out of his car...
Man, Lexi's word vomit on last night's
<--- sitting in her bed with sunglasses on
Well done! A true accomplishment!
They might not need anybody else but Kemba...we'll see!
Oh, it gets worse. Someone has filed under my social alredy so now i am a victim of identity theft!
I have new-bike fever!
:D RT : OH: It's so good, I saw white people order it.
haha whatcha mean? What's up!
I'm watching #MirrorMirror on the and pinning fashion from forever21 to pinterest. I am a #fashionista!
There is always room for fouettés in a dance.
we don't have any events planned for the rest of 2011. We're looking to have some in 2012 though
LOL THIS NIGGA ABOUT TO GET HIS CAR FUCK UP SHE MAD AS HELL CTFU
We're thrilled: new SummerGrove community is opening with SalesTouch interactive touchscreen --in a topo table-- this weekend!
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to bring our set of game challenges to life
It's nothing abnormal it's called RAIN and you should all be used to it by now.
Had fun at graduation.I cryed.And then went to Zios with the fam. ^-^
: is about ten minutes away from my house!
Scarlet and grey looks good on #urbanmeyer ...go #Buckeyes !
let know that I wish I could have fun doing homework too...on second thought not really
Being an Aspie means clearing a new path for others to follow. All great inventions were started by an Aspie.
why not? At one time he loved her. Drugs got in the way
I think should tweet me a "goodnight"?.(: Iloveyou(:
Hoping for success is not enough
oh ok I just was checking lol
i have a huge lack of baseball and US history knowledge, i think that'd be my huge pitfall. and i hate poetry.
Thank you!
It's humorous, don't hold back. Just another day for me haha
Ghostface:Welcome home Sidney. Preview of coming events. Sidney: why don't you come for me you got the balls for that???
had some weird dream about you !!!
RT : If u support Gay Marriage you have no MORALS WHAT SO EVER..... <<<<that's kinda harsh
It's Friday night! Bet you've got pub crawling on your mind ;)
Sounds like Alexander's been doing the business a little bit?
Text me :) ask the number
Has mls listings coming out her ears!!!
Prague Fatale by P. kerr-- WWII hist mystery series, good! Like Ariana Franklin's Mistress of the Art of Death series too
From a friend - Instead of debate why not a Dancing with the Stars dance off? Cain & Newt can harass female partners. Fun for all
Everytime i see a GI Joe i yell COBRA!!
May come to Ireland next year (my first visit). Could we buy you lunch or dinner?
It was fantastic to meet you too! Great work last night!
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Potato Leek and Lentil. Sugar Free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Jesus christ this girl beside me smells like ass
For sure, trying it out now
please rt my #shutter foundry tweets.
Chilling on being free : "Road Of A Superstar That's Not Famous"
Please no. Not The Brooke. No. Juan Direction, Wand Erection, Niall & the Potatoes - all better. PLEASE </3
Walked the beach for a little, the sun started to come out too so that was good at least
It's because of our "why?" chromosome (sic). Turns us into morons.
I need that FOX on your head!
Please Read this! I LOVE Your Voice its So Beautiful!! I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!
using the restroom to take a leak can be stressful just remember to shake three times if you shake more your playing with it
Do something awesome !!!
I am speaking about how urban freeways ruined cities tomorrow
Jim homebrews, and he's been on a Warrior hop kick lately. IPAs he likes: Racer 5, Steelhead DIPA, Lagunitas, Stone.
#succulentchicken Just plain succulent.
Thx for tweets during gov's presser
The last 3 days were spent recovering and restoring my phone. If you've called or texted me in that span, do it again, do it again!
Is it a surprise to anyone that has no Tweets and no followers?
I'd be happy to hold them for you. ; )
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Woodworking Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
don't u worry, Abs..i got some tricks up my sleeve. & some HAWT visitors from NYC rockin my front row.
Why every bus driver we get stay getting lost
I just learned who you are, and I really like your comedy. You look so innocent, but when your open that mouth! it's GREAT!
i love you and ur ah haha ah laughs too bro.
Consider it done.
<3 when 1/2 asleep and 1/2 awake - the alarm goes off and anything is possible. I flipped the phone convinced I turned back time by 15 mins.
Get em see you baby
I hope that bitch go different ways.
Be creative in finding ways to make your kids feel special even when you can’t be there.
Life's too short, so kiss gently, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive easily.
um, what is going on. You and both used #urgetokill as a hashtag. Is there something in the air or is it trending? Lol
off to bed you guys... have to wake up at 2am to go see and tmrrw at GMA :D
« Don't block your OWN blessings.»
wonder if the Pats left their camcorders home, since the illegal taping of opponents their team has NOT been "Belicheck" proof.
Omg I'm the only one here and I keep hearing things #Ohlawd I might not stay here tonight
Dirk for life!!
Very excited to have join the #TeamMEB staff. He will be flying into Minneapolis to work 2.5 weeks this summer #Young&Talented
Quote of the evening: Elsevier is to Kodak like Springer is to Fuji -- David Lewis. Librarian thoughts on this??
Someone we know (wink) called Perry Hall pretending to be a parent. The Asst Principal revealed he nor the Principal saw the Bernie Dance.
Sewing class is stupid!
Hey! Request. Just wonder do you have a facebook?
took a 3 hour nap today, and now have a
what's good fam! And downloading it shit bangs!
Why the startover button? I clicked it instead of go twice. #notpayingclose attention
Deliverance to have taken place in North Carolina?
No Shoe Strings Yo Girlfriend like to Do Things Yo Girl Like To Chew Things Ball Dribble All In Her Mouth Like Im Hooping.
Agreed. Sorry to be a downer.
hilarious, right? i've experienced so many of those :)
Ready to sleep. Sunrise in brickell
Mills just covered his head and hoped the ref would end it all soon. Luckily for him, it did. Rory is sick.
Make sure you practice smiling all day today and refusing to let folks make you age faster with drama and mess! Stay Positive!
Just as a song falls apart with inconsistent time, so does a life where time is interrupted and restarted at the incorrect speed
There ain't no other kind like mine ;p RT just one of a kind ;)
bored!! omg so much to do, so little money :( I need a sugar daddy so bad
#FF People we love to follow:
Thank you so much! Your tweet made me happy! :)
Ya I just passed my test
ZAYN MALIK. LET ME LOVE YOU. LIKE NOW. K? MY BED IS >> THAT WAY, (;
Please, never send me to a camp run by Cathy Moriarty.
Baraka is an amazing film!
Finished the tobacco road half-#marathon in 1:53:29. Makes all that hard work worth it!!
I've been here for awhile
not baking in the sun, not dreaming of romance, not drinking an iced coffee, not scratching my nose, not being lazy around the house.
The sparkly & stunning smile that Demi has doesn't mean she's perfect. It means that she doesn't take anything for granted.
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true! So never give up on a dream!
#thankyou and lmaoo glad you enjoyed
Rory is making his move, I think he might pull out the win @ Wells Fargo Championship.
My Man! RT : Shout out to !! That's the homie. Everyone follow him
honestly, how many Ps need to be in the word inappropriate?
Right By My Side video is good , looking sexy ; )
Thank you Secy Sebelius for mtg w/ us to discuss the #disability programs at #CDC. We look forward to continuing to work with you.
Playing with my new little baby kettlebell. Even the little ones can wear you out!
Cheer practice really tired...
It started with Now, here with Today, its my eleventh BETA-versary! How time flies...
two feet of sunshine in killbrae?? More like a yard of fog in the FC.
fuck u at
u should follow me already i tired like 3874782 times to get a follow from u and u NEVER follow me:(
'Don't call me sir, call me survivor' lil Wayne
thank you for the tip. I have not approached either. I have been trying to get an agent. No luck yet!
Do you have a New Years Resolution? If so, share it with us!
My personal favorite was Wuthering Heights because we just had the book and never read it...
happy birthday to the best point guard in the nba
IM AT THE CRIB, DAVE AND JERMS WAS SPOSED TO COME THROUGH RT : where y'all at!?
Recall everybody
will do babe ;-)
Sounds good man. Hit me up anytime after 615pm
We had an epic weekend of video shoots. The first one will be released soon, and we can't wait!
I'm so 2008. I'm so 2000-and-late.
#FridayReads In the Garden of Beasts by Erik Larson. It's so good, but it makes my heart yearn to be back in Germany...
Study just released: Those who suffer from anxiety typically have much higher intelligence than hose who don't. 👽 #knowing #you're
Bring on the learning #EDCampME starts in a few minutes.
Shoutout to for following!(:
“Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.” ― Rumi
If you thought the Bush tax cuts benefited the rich, you haven't seen Romney's. Uber-benefits for uber-rich.
perhaps your next discussion might be w/ #KarenArmstrong #TedPrize winner & speaking now in
party starts at 4 let me know if u wanna come I'll give u the details
You were very nice, my husband is a huge FAN!
Peyton is being called "Fredo" now. He went against the family.
Don't give in to the cafeteria
an early good morning to you, too! safe travels all the way out to vienna. hope you're doing well
right on!
well done today!
Thanks for the shot out!
My work computer is totally souped-up, in that I've spilled a ton of soup on it.
Won our last home game of the season!! Great work at the plate and on deffense! Had a blast celebrating at titos with my girls! We
Just had new pictures taken w/Carrie Cavalier. Bought new shirts for my girl next door and some cardigans for my "mom" look! Very excited!
Welp. That wasn't fun. Good win for Rangers. Thought we had them through the second. Oh wells, there's always Wednesday.
Have I not followed anyone back yet... Let me know
Our spring issue is out! Pick one up at , , , , , and more!
Checking out tonight.
To Chicago to spend the day with The man himself.
do I know you??
Oreo cheesecake :) ►
Congrats Shannon Sharpe, you Hall of Famer you...
Did I mention we will be raffling off prizes at our show this Saturday at Kofenya Coffee in Oxford?
The moon looks magnificent this morning. Quick somebody write a poem! Cell photo not doing justice. I will hold the image in my brain.
I like how is moderating our argument
Work was fun today:)
You have 0 credibility. As do your lies.
Having acute energy drink crash.
Potter allocated -16 coins in Mario Party, yes you read that correctly, NEGATIVE 16!
tweet tweet :)
Day 2 at sea, we have arrived at our test sites and scientists are conducting various experiments to understand the effects of the bp spill.
lol next time we in it boo, when I get my promotion it's crackin!
It must be new biz Wednesday at Inc. A new client signed and two requests for proposals in one day!
Did we unfollow each other by an accident or was it a Twitter glitch? I see that you blocked me. Hmm. Any reason?
RT : Hell yeah!!
:D you rock
Thanks for the shout out, ! And congrats on a fine argument in front of US Supreme Court last week!
Clearly working to support my yarn habit. But the fiber festival was fun...
Haters = people who secretly wish to be YOU.
Coming up on 15th anniversary of US arbitrary detention of immigrants. Be part of Detention Watch Network.
boy/ girl. Porn.
Listening to Karen Mills at the #SBA talk to franchisors and lenders at the
we should be watching together today because we both are pulling for MSU just so UM doesn't get a share of the B1G title
It amazes me to see big name ad agencies not update their website footer with the right year.
never vent my troubles on s. media. Feel if we look for good we find it and same for the bad. Friends/family in person=support
i hate always retweeting but the posts tonight are awesome :D
Will I see you at McCoy on Saturday?
Hey Amazon, if you're listening, please get more Doctor Who on instant video!
Have you tried 's new gluten free brew? Tweason'ale? This gluten free gal loves it! Finally, one with flavor!
I need a shave, a shower, and a nap.
those look awesome! i loves them =]
5 is my lucky number, so I need one.
some people i really just cannot stand... at all
Parking non-issue (motorcoach) Probs not downtown as previous night they'll be Lodging @ Westin Hotel
You can always order online! We have many more styles available on our site than in our cozy shop-- & free U.S. shipping! :)
The brave feeling you get when you send your crush a friend request on Facebook...
There is a Teen Wolf sitting courtside at the game. A real Teen Wolf.
the moon was unbelievably humongous... It was like a huge gobstopper : )
Happy Friday! Where in the world will you be this weekend?
This is just a bunch of horny teenagers packed in a room. Not fun.
Bill with 20-week abortion ban signed
we saw a peacock in the parking lot of quik trip today... gettin it's head bop peacock swag on... "this right here is my peacock swag"
Pulling off a double header yesterday isn't too shabby my friend!
will do captain
#NextFriday #someone #call #jennycraig #before #I #put a #hit #out #on #this #fatass #bitch. CieraMariexoxo
Bayern Munich vs Marseille - Munich dominating so far.
The hottest pepper on the planet!
HAPPY (Belated) NEW YEAR !!!!! :D
I love Considering using a gift card for din there as a wed gift for a couple this summer. Have a good time!
#MTBlowout tonight for at
Clooney/Obama dinner or @ RadioLab live? No issue, I'll pick Jad and Robert every time.
Mi gato duerme todo el día / My cat sleeps all day long
Flat tire. A better hurry up.
Hey hi,how are u?
“: great time with Vilinsky today!! we did work with liebs!” #BreakfastofChampions 🍳🍞🍴
Full moon tonight + spring renewal.......always a time of reflection and a surge of energy for things to look + feel different! Sigh!
asdfghkl i met your mom today!!! :)
Apparently they already have. I've seen reports that Jennifer Hudson is already scheduled to do it.
Thanks for the mention! RT Thanks for RTs, chats & faves
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: When possible set up strategic partnerships. It can be critical to the success of any small business.
Pulling a missions with
The best promotions are those that give you your own cushy parking spot
This is
lol - I love blonds but he is just too much. Plus his name is creepy. Its like he is from central casting destined to do weather
Word. RT In 2.5 hours I could be a millionaire ...
Just finished my research paper :O ...tired
Do what you like
"Apple Pushers". Great movie about green carts in NY, healthy eating, and pursuing the American Dream
The Bob Howard Toyota Tent Sale will be transformed after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Wow! My sweet Tiki, we both have changed a lot since our shared birthday of 1953 and have shared so much happiness. Mai Tai Love.
uh YEEAH. will do!
This is why I don't take naps.. I'm wide awake and with nothing to do.
We're off to a great start this evening for Spring Break Destination Education!
Today's question: What are you reading right now? Would you recommend it?
Hated it.
Ah, since your arrival at The Troubadour I have wondered if you were returning to Los Angeles this year? Hope so! :)
we all have big dumb hearts, is what I think it is.
haha I'm only messing with ya!
u told me to b quit an I did jus that lol
he did not. He said they never refused anyone where he practiced & churches would deal with the costs. Deal.
I can't even listen to Everybody Talks anymore because now it reminds me of Jared and Savannah.
#IDAHO I combat homophobia by educating not demonizing & ostracizing homophobes. Homophobia is a disease that can be cured w education, imo.
preach brother preach
RT: Attn all Poker players & fans: 26 days until the 40th annual WSOP! Follow the commish Personal friend and great guy!
got the mix sounding right now
18 is the magic number anything else not acceptable
RT : Alex Flinn's BEASTLY is #4 in the NY Times paperback children's bestsellers on 2/27/11. Congrats, Alex!
A Lesson In Romantics is by far one of the greatest albums.
Heading out to make some contacts this morning, fall trip is going to be amazing, God is opening some impressive doors!
First day of summer classes, CANCELED. Only at FIU. Well this should be interesting.
RT Resist the devil and he will flee from you - James 4:7
Boo, Brontes, Boo.
It's like the butterfly sensing another butterfly, but seeing a caterpillar.
becuz he kept asking me that same damn question "I want some head ' over n over like ugh
very very jealous (very!) Eat some banana bread pudding and a Po Boy (in that order) for me.
Fall seven times, stand up eight. - Proverb
yeah dude totally! Hit us up through our Facebook and we can work something out!
Good Morning Everyone! There are only 6 days left to Voice Your Choice! I am encouraging everyone to take advantage of Early Voting. It...
And I've finally hit the stage of browsing and bookmarking real estate listings weekly.
Watching "I Survived..." & it's really upsetting... these poor people. :(
no phone serivce? i will prob keep the updates low today but we should text
I can't wait too go to soho , and go to the BBC store to see how there shirts fit -.-
Fraud/FCPA quote of the day! "Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud." Sophocles
Downloaded Arkanoid for the iPhone. Awesome!!! Plan to challenge next time we're together like old times!!!
Uh oh! What kind of animal is it? RT : The animal I was pet sitting died :-/
Tonight Don't Forget About The Only Salsa Class For Chicas at Just Dance Studio. Its Ladies Styling! All Walk-Ins Welcome!
Dear, I love you very much. <3
It feels so good outside!
If I were you I would sign up for Orbitz and list Pittsburgh as the city. Orbitz will email you specials they have for that city.
Late nights
"Chloe in the afternoon" baby
ill do a photofoot shoot tomm just for that trend lol
Sometimes it rains, sometimes it pours, Relationships would stay if it wasent for whores.
My God, I want a Snapple.
I'm not going to lower my standards for anything.
thanks Judy the mention!xo
So DRs in Jax send their patients to Hooters to lose weight? Is that also where they send them for ED?
yes PEZ cherry flavored
Ads and Heat tied at 2 after 2.
Why do girls think its necessary to post half naked pics of themselves?
RT : Happy Veteran's Day! We'd like to thank all the brave veterans who help protect our country.
love seeing all my new salon friends thanks for the follow
Talk about bush league #baseballpolice #Cardinals Gonna cost you the game now.
Are you sure your tweet makes sense?
Secret Service and black Cadillacs in front the Alibi Club.
the y is yahoo, and the i e is intel. and i think the a with a black circle might be aol.
HBO's #GameofThrones Preview really pushes the show's gender politics, maybe too obviously ("please, women, watch!").
Thanking God in Advance for this win!!!
Of course! The anti-slave campaign raises my blood pressure. That poster is so awful, for more reasons than I can tweet.
What would a Chicago travel book from the 50s tell you to do?
the lady
why me
Installed high security locks, bump proof, pick proof door locks, Kwikset Smart Key deadbolt was forced over...www.alcatrazlock.com
At one of several open houses on Mt Helix today.
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Mon, May 7 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
I was in Kindergarten when you were born! I officially feel old as hell LOL
now that would be fun. Alas, JFK-LAS isn't quite a trip to the Antarctic.
a women worth some anger... is certainly worth some effort...
Showing love for relaxed and natural healthy hair maintenance, and growth. #embraceit!
When should a watchdog be replaced with a bloodhound? Hint-Check your fraud and anti-corruption risk assessment!
Ooh. Good to know.
At #IECA12. Stop by our table to enter our drawing! :)
Help! I being sucked into the timeline vortex. Agggghhhhh......
President speaking to the Peace Officers Association today..urging the President to reconsider inviting Metta World Peace...
lol definitely not what I wanted to be eating my lunch next to!
So when Perry and Matthews meet at the quarterback, will they do a secret USC handshake or something?
Long time my love...How are you?
God Bless America!
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
southwest had a hole the ripped open the top of a section of the plane. They took 80 of their planes out of service.
is just killing it on twitter right now. #NYmakesyoucrazy. #unrealtweets!
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow mommies out there in the twitterverse
No matter how GOOD or BAD you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
*calmly* Why didn’t you tell me?
I am finding "blurple" really satisfying to say out loud. I'm going to have to start using it.
You are a jerk! I had my appendix out! You can't fake that! Dude I miss work so much, is that weird?
well, it was a very excellent stop, complete and full, looked both ways, 10 and 2, thats the way to get an A on the exam
LOTS of new stuff came on the market today if your looking to rent a place in manhattan! Hit me up! ~your friendly NYC Real-Estate agent ;)
hah yeah no argument there :)
- Hope 2 C U fri nite Shoot To Cure event at Chargers Park. DM/contact 4 details. Thx Byron!
Which one did you get?
I've watched past episodes on computer through HBO website.
yes, but due to Brees having to work for every completion.
So between the error email and subsequent correction email, that's 16 million emails sent in one day?
Check out www.miracle16.com now and watch 's video "F*ck Haters"
Thanks for the RT anyway - maybe it will help my score ;-)
Days like these I wish I had a pool.☀
SoloPiano.com is now on Twitter!:)
Slacktivists are putting up cartoon characters as profile pictures, which somehow end child abuse.
omg i love 106&park i realli do
TY4M! : Thank you for the mention!!
NBC: Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell endorses Mitt Romney
Interesting article. Universal design takes LEED to the next level paying closer attn to "feel, see, hear" our environment.
For some reason #sherylcrow song is in my head...I wanna walk in the sun...
me too Lansing
We are only able to offer merchandise at the pep rally, we will not be selling the day of the game.
You’re crazy, I like you, but you’re crazy..
Hard to photograph a "Smell" on the other hand a "smel" might be doable if I knew what it was?
u deserve it for all u do for others! You are amazing!
A great sunny day inn #vancity . I must of brought the good weather for .
At the hospital in a wheelchair , with a boner, all the Spanish nurses have tig ol bitties !!!
I woke up wanting chips & salsa. What's wrong with me? Smh
seriously make it fast
is that the same as Penn?
I feel like throwing up! :(
James Taylor kind of afternoon.
OMM. Yes . but tomorrow i have to get off soon. in like 3 min ill ask my uncle if i can stay on longer
yo ass silly
& were really AWESOME! Great performance, you deserve a great future! Happy of have heard you :)
Ayy, you just wait til the end of the year, i bet imma get my 5 bucks cause me and her are still not friends lol
oh ok...hope pops come thru for you!! Good luck!
Got my flu shot today. Guess it's time for the weather to get colder.
omg I sware math is not the same without u !!!!!!
Child seat or GTFO
Your life decisions make you who you are. You learn and grow with each choice you make and that's a good thing ~
Not sure when the shift happened, but all of a sudden I get most excited by aviation news and repins from my pinterest boards.
Chinese food for lunch.....deliciousness
Hahahahah. Hey all you little children looking at this, don't fucking come close to them. LOLOL.
nothing man chillin. You?
and by free i mean working my ass off all summer to come up with money to pay for tuition which is now over 8 grand. Thanks SSU
Thanks for the retweets, Marina.
Eating dinner with the family talking about lol
RT - I'll show up again when loser Sparano is gone after the Jets loss in two weeks. Miami SUCKS.
Well said.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine.
Did I just see astro mess up on the live performance of #XFactor ? yup caught that one, not a good look...at least he kept going
ah my finest work yet!
Blessings on the birthday of Mother Mary. Gratitude for all the gifts and blessings that She gives us.
how much tripe today about sluggish job numbers, 120k+ sounds like forward motion. My boss is hiring too.
Happy 100th International Women's Day Everyone!
cool site , thanks
Very excited about playoffs! Two fave teams are NY Rangers and Nash Preds. Could be in the final?
Headed to Staples Center :)
Live. Laugh. Love. Simpsonize. Goodnight Angels <3
Home sweet home!! Ah so we meet again couch!!
Glad you enjoyed the show!
I think we are a product of all our experiences
Banana cream pie and homemade alphabet soup. All I need is some merica sunshine, a tape measure, and 4 green skittles #perfect day
Haha... it was a good kind of sad. Completely connected with desire to ensure pet is comfortable even if its more difficult.
Maybe a cold beer.
What a great day at ZuZu Thank You all ZuZu fans and yes we have gone over a 1000 followers. We must be doing something right!!
hey hoe bag.
good! Have a great Saturday!
I got mascara to last me for monthss, but I usually don't need it
I was telling my bro that is the most talented guy ever and he agreed... hes 20years old hahaha :)
When a song is so good it gives you the chills >
Welcome to Seattle!
Working on Molly, Joe Turner's Come And Gone. For MTB Sudios.
Fridays are Fabulous, but Mondays are spectacular because of GHAPFM Music Mondays!
Just saw gay you on 1 train
Its true -> RT : Not sure why it took me until 2011 to admit this, but, yes, Rumours is (still) one of the best albums ever.
Jazz in the park tonight!!
Thanks for the shout out! Good luck!
We're already taking reservations for Halloween weekend! Big plans? Never go out on an empty stomach! Reserve today at 305.673.1312.
hey buddy
Done! Feel free to hit me back. ;)
that SUCKS!
The only joke I know is about the alligator in the vest (.,_.)
I sent you the pics... check ur email
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-78
i love facebook but twitter should come in the business of stock trading it would be successfully
haha. dont do it. okcupid surely only leads to worsening yr depression.
Playing games
your welcome! Your so lucky i am still trying to get him to follow me:/
This new HBO show Girls is the only thing keeping me from canceling my premium channels right now. So good.
yeah you're lucky to be alive cause I haven't killed you for lying to me lolol
Woopty doo, I'm getting my throat pierced like this week ;)
dear Motto, don't do anything I wouldn't do...
I fear the sound of a 5am alarm so much it makes me angry just to hear it when I set it.
oh sorry love. i thought i did
And now I'm on the Acela with Chris Matthews.
do you live around the atlanta area? Sorry new fan here(:
I so bad want to witness or be involved in a FLASH MOB!!!
find dj and get in #THEBANGARANG video he is shooting!!!
Nobody expects the Spanish influenza!
Riding round n I'm getting it on my bike ..we out here
follow follow follow
Tons of Fans at Plews Brews in St Johns where my meet and greet was hosted by Randy Plew earlier today. Live Music till 2am
Well bye twitter!!!
i can't beleive i have to argue with my boyfriend about his wallpaper on his phone lol dear i want my boyfriend back haha
what I don't understand is...why would you lose your virginity to just some guy after waiting for over 20 years.. its not even worth it!!!
With the amount of gays in the Castro, you'd think there'd be more parking available in the rear. Butt you'd be wrong.
"Everyone is a potential winner, some people are disguised as losers, don't let their appearances fool you" -- from The One Minute Manager
I don't hold back what I want to say.I say it!
RAINY UGLY DAY OH WELL ,,,
I'm on my way! Hope carrots are ok!
Wow, just saw the highlights from lefty's back nine today. 30!!! Look out boys, he's on FIRE!
Happy Friday!
RT : Nice! Which box? // , the PREMIER #crossfit box in
Yep. 91k. He got bit by a dog when he was 10. Left a couple deep, (attractive) facial scars.. now hes getting a settlement!
are you kidding?! Jealousy. I have such a long ways to go... I can't believe I'll be 15 on Sunday. That's half of 30! :O
however, glad i gave those #cubs tickets away today...they STINK.
looking forward to it.
About to get in on some corn at Cafe Habana on prince st.
The way I loved you
haha! I asked him about "Where's the cookie man?" & he said the question out loud & like "I don't know...where's the....(c)
vs Okc in the 1st round of this years playoffs?! Word
Low tech... high tech... always something new to figure out. Worm composting to apps... Kewl :}
Good luck with the apartment search tomorrow!
the 76ers have now matched the 2011-12 success of the philadelphia flyers. technically speaking.
true. too true. we all know them.
i wish you much success in 2012 and beyond! I enjoy your commentary. "WE" need your voice!
but its only #25 days!!!!
im about to go to the studio :) can't wt to get there.
LOL I don't think the 405 traffic can grow on anyone really. No I just decided it wasn't the right time to leave yet.
I need running music for impending speed work. Suggestions, friends?
she made me delete it :(
You're so annoying
no my son goes there, aka The Boy. Lol had to have him there at 5 for his trip.
Where did freshman year go?
Bernie Sanders probably does know Victoria's Secret, he is that incredibly epic.
good luck!
YES, has a twitter! ;D
basketball-mania these days, stay glued to the tube
I need people to accept their true skin color. These tans are too much.
I went to buy my new desk & photography light desk & my friend & cousin were passing it off (takin turns clipping it on their side)
#Bestpartofmyweek is seeing :)
Oh shit i gotta go get my tank cd
yu a fool boogie boo! if yu dont have anything nice to say dont say anything at all.....lmbo
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ♥
Here we go Steeler...Pittsburgh's going to the Super Bowl
Use #EDGEPUBLIC for this weekend's performances at Woodruff Park, see you before 6!
Wow! You HATE me?! Wait. . . Who are you again?"
Do you believe in unicorns ? How do you feel about penguins ? Ohh and Kangeroos ??? :p
There is still time to enjoy get your ticket to the BINGO extravaganza! Up to $2,450 in prizes. You may even see Peter Cottontail come...
tx so much!! have a gr8t weekend!
Chris sent me the bottle as a gift.
MY GIRL INDEPENDENT
#HIRING a CREDIT ANALYST #NOW Contact me @ 813-207-2871 or send #Résumé to I will pay a referral fee for…
Miguel already shot a video for quickie rocsi .
drake is fake. pass it on
Larry Brown would rather be the Head Coach of SMU over the GM of the Blazers? Doesn't bode well for the GM search.
So freaking tired
I do this all the time!
so is the official account of Nate Buzz?i love him,,why isn't his account verified though?
Well the boot stays for another month
Alright #brewers! Three more outs!!!!
Talk this morning with Mel Chin, Swoon, amongst others was inspiring; New Orleans will continue to rise as an art epicenter.
I hate women with large boobs. Disgusting. Lol
Well said. It's about being respectful of our fellow humans.
Mo' money mo' problems. But atleast you can scratch poverty and starvaition off your list.
Let me know if I can answer anything else about UNM intersession.
The weather in #Chicago has been positively delicious the past few days! What have you done outdoors to enjoy it???
Thank you sir!
If my nigga was here ..trust me you would've known it
I don't have everything figured out, but when I do I know its gunna be something awesome *Patience*
Every Boardwalk Band here has either played "American Girl" or "Sweet Home Alabama" all weekend so far.
Can't see my desk under all this crap. Nearing 12 hours sitting at it.
": no a bicycle"that is still fun...and it is actual exercise!
Sure! One question though...what about the dry humping dept.? Is it only open during regular business hours?
twitter>FB its more socially acceptable to express what Im thinking at that exact moment and not have to worry about when my last post was
Finally! Gaffigan is DC bound!
lol wow... And the Republicans are the bad ones? If all Dems are like you, I'll stay a Republican.
Dreading tomorrow. Miss my mommy. 💔😔
didn't see the colon - thanks :)
What's the deal with Seastrunk? When will know if he's eligible this season? How will that work?
I saw Hall & Oates on TV and I thought - if I was a baller - I'd buy them for KevBones as a wedding gift. I'd send them on ponies.
Shefa Gold is chanting across eastern MA this weekend - I am accompanying on drums - www.hebrewchantboston.org for schedule - Shalom!
OMG i just got a free pass to go to ann arbor MI to cast for the real world....
Haha Perla And Adrian made a twitter (x
If you've got a topic for #indieview, be sure to let us know! We want to talk about what YOU want to talk about!
At the ANC General monthly meeting!
How are Humpback Whales like Twitter? Their songs identify a social network. Go find your own link...
because there so much violence in this world? en paz can not live like normal people!
I'm great, still in San Diego, married w/ 2 girls, Asst. News Dir. at NBC O&O. Visited OKC at Christmas, looks great, congrats
rose is my act love
How about neither? How about an organization with no bias or slant? That's what we truly need.
While you saying I'm broke I have Monster Beats Skull Candies and name brand clothing what you got #StopHatin because you broke and Im not
Just stick around!
is your leg broke?
What is good tonight Chicago? Ready to go out and need something to do
We gone be inside fool .. Come fck wit us
- they refused to honor the $25 slot play if the item was out of stock
Educating schools about flavored milk
My friends are the best.
I'm like Tim Wakefield in the sack - wild, uncontrollable, but still kinda shitty.
My teacher looks like s fruit lope
paparazzi EVERYWHERE!
. how did I miss this?! Discovered his writing via & would pay to hear him read his grocery list
yes, its b.s. when the largest food seed company happens to also be largest pesticide producer.
So much time and so little to do. Wait a minute. Strike that. Reverse it.
Me, too! Especially when it's not associated with severe weather!
yea I am !
People all should shazam
TIVO'd on Rock Ctr. Saw SM & Steep Canyon Rangers in summer. Wish Brian Williams let him play banjo more. Amazing!
This is so much win: RT : we are hereby declaring this weekend national bike to tacos day
It's awesome how you use the "you'll be 18 in less than a year" only when it's convenient for you!
haha its a notebook, pretty handy for laying out designs/concepts. Thanks!
Wow Johnny
Great to meet you too Jade! Great job today :)
Get your LAST KINGS snapback on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com VERY CHEAP x
Ron Swonson at 's anniversary party! Fabulous combo.
Tomorrow at the director of the documentary BULLY will be doing Q&A's in person at the 4:40 and 9:20pm showings! A good doc
You are the only one I know that gets excited about his classes...
Finger Lakes Region! We'll be in the Canandaigua area from 3-4pm today at the ESL on Recreation Drive with BOGO #PXYSJ tickets!
I am sad about that. But still no panics!
Our job rocks. RT : My boss is running from zombies. In real life. I just wanted to let you know how mundane YOUR reality is.
Thank you.
got nothing to ask but just gonna say I admire the hell out if you for staying yourself
": Chocolate martinis is my new favorite :) thanks " they are bomb
do you bookmark in different places, or just one? I just Diigo-ed a bunch of links, but am rethinking.
Yes, I've actually been doing it for 2 and a half years straight. Welcome to the real world.
Hi Jacques!
Still think has the best web-based visualizations of topic modeling I've seen online. (Mining the Dispatch)
I told him his coach paraded around the field like he got his first blow job.
happy Saturday to u! how's the diet going?
Happy Mothers Day!
To the old man playing guitar in an otherwise quiet space: This coffeeshop used to be an excellent place to read.
It is a beautiful day! Happy Friday!!
Come on Celtics, get it together.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Begin to see yourself as connected to every person you encounter." ~Wayne Dyer
hey follow and dm
thanks for the RT sweetie - how are things are you in TX yet?
Stop saying tablet please, I beg! IPad is acceptable & if you didn't bother buying one it's not worth mentioning!
Ordered Dr. Dre beats yesterday. Can't wait to get them in.
Why on earth would someone be sending me a certified letter? I'm scared.
That we are RT #Taurus are crazy sexy and mad cool. A perfect combo!
#App The secret to develop excellent app is to love codes and follow your feelings of beauty. Plus must to have fun.
My pleasure. I think there is great synergy. I lo0ok forward to hearing back from you.
Ive been cleaning up my fb too. I want a place where I can share slightly personal stuff with people I care about.
Teenager next to me on the bus is reading the Iliad. I want to geek out and talk to him about it.
Ridin Round Blowing Loud, Fuck Hoes By The Crowd.!
I don't think I realized how much I missed NYC. #dirt&all
Yep will be in DBR offices in a bit!
Accidents happen!
Establish the credibility of VOC Data over time to be heard by executives
Congrats to all our graduating seniors { } + all of the other grads! Cc
thats how i lost 2 girls i fell for my colsest friend
At work SLEEPY! I, wanna, go, HOME!!!
Thanks for looking at our site! Let us know what you think
I would be down for one. How soon would you need the money?
Next up: "Designing for Awareness in the Attention Economy."
Already missing my family 😔
Happy mothers day.
Hi thanks for doing the Mixergy interview!
let's make one thing clear. I am not a Pujols fan.
Never too old to drive cross country in a vintage #AlfaRomeo. We just live a 1000 miles apart now.
yeah it's me real last name!
that sounds delightful. I'm down!
You're joking right? RT Playing around with HTML is strangely relaxing...
Fml she is here
#Christmas #money Make extra cash for the holidays! Furchangeamerica.com
great seeing you on Tuesday!
now you're all older and in college 😭 *happy tears* lol (x
Who Drinks Coffee? Checkout www.Serenigy.com/mdupree Great Coffee!!!!
Hey Hey!
Free milk!
I hate when women jump to conclusions
So, how far is it from Toronto to say, Quebec?
please follow me♡♡ I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 93
Let's hope for the best today
Gotta keep working. Cannot stop til the job is done!
Exactly HTFU RT : I want the lads walking out onto that pitch ready for a war.
come get me
Toes: sprained 2nd toe
Spider pig, spider pig does whatever a spider pig does... :)
people just don't know boundaries anymore
#FF A very talented actress in Los Angeles and an overall awesome person
That's pretty exciting. What's involved?
You Ballin... But You Wearin A Walmart Swim Suit... Girl
Climbin in the gold lex, diamonds in the rolex . . .
Margaritas are the new bloodies! Come cure your hangover!
I've been here for quite some time. Twitter's a place where you complain about everything and no one wears pants..
Live Stickam acoustic set. Saturday at 5pm central! :)
Why would you talk shit about someone who's actually nice to you? I mean c'mon, you already have like no friends at our school.
finishing projects and hitting SEND on the email button feels so good.
That is a chat itself!! Why so many? RT : Mayb cuz 74% of workforce is disengaged
RT : RT : Lmfao RT This nigga said my sons black and white I should have named him keyboard *Dead*
Back and forth overtime. GO RUNNERS!
so where are we meeting up??
Good morning! It's early, but it's okay if you plan on going to Starbucks, which I do.
talking to my buddy
across five Aprils!
La Rochefaoucauld: "The world more often rewards the appearance of merit than the merit itself." -How true in breakfast cereals and politics
It's raining where I am
I am having a keg
Thanks for the wonderful RTs and shares, everyone! We couldn't have made it this far without a supportive community!
thx for the RT. Loved that site.
maybe the follow up needs to be "How to evade & elude the corporate branding police?"
your sick
Its so cold >.<
New Think Tank Live! Event Feb 17 - Social Media for Business www.thinktanklive.com Use Think10 for $10 off
good luck Jake!!!
Thanks for following me! I look forward to talking to you :)
They call me lil Fred when we on the court
I believe in the band called the Monkees.
RT " People go this Sunday...thank me later"... Crawfish Boil #2!
#raw10 im n a elevator w/ 7 other ppls, some1 let out a silent fart, it was deadly. no 1 claimed it. we needed the CSI ass sniffing div.
On tha kool i wanna go skating today ..
Take a fucking pitch Bettancourt. You are correct again sir.
I PLUGGED YOUR IPOD IN AND IT ERASED EVERYTHING
artists that want to get on a collab spot need to contact my man and he will definitely help u get there
Everything that the universe stands for is BULLSHIT.
hot dog race im taking mustard
btw, could you please vote for Jakarta, Indonesia? So Austin can performs here(: it would mean the world to me♥
For whoever ordered Pizza Hut using Domino's number, fuck you.
girl please!!! I don't tweet that much no more, I tumble!!! Oh yeah thumb up for
damn just won blue proto drake with a 76 roll ha!
These days are the best..
models!! I wish your tweets weren't protected so I could retweet that!!!!
We're at the ribbon cutting and opening ceremony! Are you?
they shall build statues in honor of my righteous singing.
It's just not worth giving a damn.
expect me to be crashing on the couch literally every weekend. I cant wait to annoy you guys ALL the time
So what else would I need besides the kit. I have a stone. Would I still need the threaded wand or just hose?
I can be a sarcastic fucker most of the time,you should have known.
Future home of The !
Can you imagine what it would be like to win a $1000 shopping spree at the "99cent Store"
watching Spiderman part1 while eating shrimp and cookies #BestLunchEver !!
Thanks. I will take a look.
Why do people Facebook stalk and the twitter page is OPEN? Why??? Because I don't give a Flying F!
Awww. I love you Sebastian Smythe :) <3 Who doesn't love a bad guy? Especially a changed one? <3333
Think cold weather make yu wanna lay in bed all day
lol i know i jus saw an chance to promote my Ep lmao check it out an tell me what u think haha
Like what I've got to say on twitter? Check out my facebook: www.facebook.com/irvingslosberg
I hope that isn't how his career ends.
Merry Christmas to all our fans! We hope you all have a wonderful time with your loved ones!
Let's go G-Men!
Try to sing Rebecca Black's FRIDAY : )))
I hate not being able to finish practice
I didn't want him in cle I was always a trent fan
helloo. how're you?
smokin high country barley ; )
yea, just started yesterday
guess I'll watch netflix
I hate traffic. i wish my car had wings so i can fly over it
I didn't have the heart to do that to what is generally considered a fairly reputable news source
I think I'm then only person who doesn't like being single 👩🔫 lol
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
le Evan @ birthday
Never ever never
Fine don't reply -__- I like food more than I like you anyways ,
Okay, so I'm gonna control carbs again cuz I needa tone up a bit…1g per body weight and I'm usually around 180lbs…so that's 180g
Hi!! Thank you for following me!!!
what about it?
No Doubt's "Don't Speak" is on in my office. Scary to know that one of my co-workers wasn't even born when it came out. I feel old.
Tonight on Outreach on 1310 WIBA AM, my guest will be Leonard Pitts, columnist for the Miami Herald.
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
You most likely have them but you don't have to get them removed if you don't want to.
Saturday is Slow Art Day, how are you participating?
" a cowboy rode into town on Friday he stayed for 3 days then left on friday...how did he do it" please answer the brain tease and reply!!!!
me too
Yeah, yeah, yeah.. but what a win? Go Pacers!
Just found your handle !! Why won't it come up automatically? You know you're part of that sentence lady! xoxo
What happened? I work for Baltimore Collegetown...let me know how I can help!
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(:
Some people hate the "3rd" act of this movie but I kinda like it since this whole movie's about Stark being orphaned over & over.
That is so true. The former is a lost cause.
Congraulations, I am a preschool teacher. Have a great 2011-2012 school year.
Be sure to join me and L. Norsworthy at Southlake Mall in the Nubian bookstore as I release the new book to the public.
agreed. Too bad H doesn't agree.
Having an emotional breakdown over graduation.
reclamale a el entonces y dime a donde van a ir?
You know what I want? I want yesterday. ~ Natalie Wood
Why won't simplepie in #Joomla throw an error with invalid URL? I just get 500 internal server error GRR!
#PRIME2012 :31 Straight Days: :The People The Celebrations: Just hours away from
Good Morning, Toni! What was the brand of pants you like ?
man you will fill that missing link for us.. We need you!! Come aboard and let's get #8.. Go Big Blue!!
Queen on #idol is
I wish it didn't !!! RT : It be like that. RT : I thought she was cute until she opened her mouth.
Though I'm curious, what gave you that impression of Minnesota?
Where to? Are you staying in CA?
Health Tips: Pharmaceutical drugs and caffeine contribute to a leaky gut lining leading to allergies. Ask your doctor to explain the risks.
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex #ComeOnGirl my #Grandma can #Ride it
hey u there im bored i just to say hi
Underworld 3D with the little sister. I'm a punk...no 3D glasses for me!
Nonresident fathers see their children less often than residential fathers do- damaging the potential chance of a close relationship
"SpaWeek" is coming soon....
shouts to , one of the dopest in the game right now
What were the squads?
Thankful to see Another Day!
": Totally beat after Aerobox at Aerospace gym with + Amazing class!" SO BEAT. But so good.
wow, talk about perfect ♥.♥ im speechless.
thanks.! I am deciding what to do with Facebook.!
Omg just followed my other account :) I'm soo happy thxs Austin omg!!! :)
Haven't seen the Avengers yet. Bad blogger! Bad!
Great Bella Thorne came online and my timeline is flooded with spams sent to her -.- <3
Yes, but I She is sweet home chicago...it will surface again soon. ;)
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars WR Jason Hill (hip) returned 2 practice Friday, but practiced only on a limited basis & ...
HERESTOALL In life, you'll meet 2 kinds of people. The 1's who build you up and the 1's who tear you down. In the end, youll thank them both
no u ok
Hey, I'm new at this. What d'ya do?
Are you cheering for the celtics? What?
Dose any body know when Black Gold will be in the U.S.
Austin is the reason why I smile everyday (:
Glad to hear it. See you next time!
The PAST says, "Your Life is Over." but JESUS says, "In me ALL things are made NEW."
Im a HUGE pyschobilly for those of you who dont know. It kind of runs in the family!
that is terrible news.
at what point do Mavs fans get tired of being ABUSED by opposing centers?
<<<<<Watching the
Love it !!
I liked your FB page today and downloaded some songs! I love you guys!
Carolina 7, Refs 7, Pats 0 - fix is in 2day. bury the pats in the 2nd half
RT : When I order pho the guy is all "What size?" and I say "Hmong-ous!" and then I'm not allowed to come back to that pho...
um...why is there some dude hawking York peppermint patties on tv? Put Alexi back on! Occupy York! No justice, no peace!
When someone you need wont answer their phone>
two with Jim. More with a few other producers.
Confused as hell!
BTW, the person beating me is a photographer from right here in MY TOWN! Can you believe that? We started out about the same time.
On a side-note, I need a new Lal avatar, but I can't find a good image to turn into one. orz
Tell me, I’ll forget. Show me, I may remember. Involve me and I’ll understand -Ancient Chinese proverb
Next time I'm getting the 64 GB iPhone this one already full sheesh
Wish I could wish you the best.
got my fix today of J.O. ! Thank you! When are you coming to Hollywood?
Did you know that most Automatic Transmission hold 10+ quarts of fluid. During a regular pan drop service only 4-5 quarts are changed!
Hm ok. I'll throw that in the magic hat of infinite Sunday possibilities. Thanks! :-)
Today I'm going to talk about words I love. Canards.
Head down arse up today, nothing like killing a few brain cells in preparation for epic day on the bike #noprisoners today - sic em!
Damn it Juan Monaco!
Marshall's drama!
Keeping everything to yourself doesn't do you any good. In the end, the one that's going to hurt the most is yourself.
Things are moving along nicely! In the meantime, check out www.balanceofculture.com!
Damn lefties
you asked ha so I responded
I'm so excited!
yeh, we are streaming it from my laptop onto the flat screen tv in our lounge
I've always wondered what a Krabby Patty tastes like .
RT : “If you want tax cuts for the middle-class and small business owners—pass this jobs bill.”
Most of your unhappiness is due to listening to yourself instead of God.
how likely is Blazers landing Crawford or Maybe Josh Howard?
You hurt your back? How? Running away from good taste?
I have Restless Mind Syndrome.
And as a meal...
Speaking of movies, a bunch of us were comparing notes on great programs and we realized they were all (audio) podcasts.
Enjoying Mark Lowe's Understanding Court Records, its a hands on workshop. We are working!
nothing im mad tired lol
_Silicon Date_ If I look at my / ipad when you talk to me / don't think I'm not yours.
If you say you're my friend and give me the runaround about membership, you are not my friend and I hate you.
Shoutout to the patron who (jokingly) wanted to pay an overdue fine with old CTA transit tokens.
Oh that's what it is! RT : Sounds like the Thunderbirds are buzzing over the Third Ward as they practice for this weekend.
had fun tonight. Love my friends
Participate in "What is Happening to NYS Early Intervention" Awareness Months -- August/September 2011. See URL below for easy to engage i…
Eating green chile cheese fries and watching the pats play. Ah... Football season. <3
The world should be listening to up and coming Brooklyn MC CD is Hip Hop...she is spitting some real things
At a fundraising for an awesome guy I met at a show...fun times.
i'm trying to get 3000 followers as i have a bet on with my dad, can you be one of the followers? haha, you'll never see this.
Veterinary Chiropractic works for any patient with a spine, bones, joints and muscles. Call us today to learn more!
Big up Lawd! Forward movement!
READY FOR THE PREVIEW SCREENING GUYS? Cuz we are! And by "are," I mean "will be!" (I hope!) WOO
go Jamie! No one better.
This could get embarrassing
Not sure about Aspirin as cure 2 all known disease but try DayQuil- crikey Bobs it puts hairs on yer chest! Think they changed the receipe?!
- Thank you for the RT, #Pittsburgh friends!
Beck - Orphans - 07:58 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Pretty sweet kicks
ha!! not much wbu?
Taking the day off to finish recovering from that demolition job, work on these NYC punk covers for The Roxy Suicide, esp. a P. Smith tune.
But back to "why you gotta," etc. I have a three-strike rule. If you act like a jerk in your blog three times, you've lost me.
Gonna go take a loong nap. Don't wake me up
5 followers away from 2000. Anybody else out there interested in
RT : People are no longer only consumers of media, the ARE the media
#HackedbyMamaMahone will be trending soon<3
I mean how u let a dude shove his crusty ass big man fist up ur pussy? And then say the shit feels good. No sir. Fuck alla that. Lol
Study: Type 2 diabetes tougher to treat in teenagers
Will do - thanks!
Coolest #superbowl halftime show. Ever! Madonna is as amazing as ever!
Great time last night! - thanks to everyone who came out and kept the beers flowing at Paxti's pizza!
chipmunk cheeks son :)
katie and her boyfriend
that awkward moment when yo shut the fuck up.
The contents of my refrigerator are comprised of condiments and Malibu.
:( why just why
I find you SO annoying !
Not costumed... RT The Avengers broke every box office record including number of overweight costumed ticket holders. Bravo!
I don't think so why ? 😖
Come on 10pm.
would love if played in #johngrisham next movie
So jealous RT : Going to hear the Queen Toni Morrison read at Barnes & Noble tonight.
Pampered with a makeover today....awesomeness :)
Add that to your giant list of things you couldn't do last year...
IT HAPPENED AGAIN
You still trying to get #56 ???
The purpose of a business is to create a customer. --Peter Drucker
I get A1 everything ..
All I see is legs and breasts ^.^
i loved it :)
Hi back, Desiree! Sorry I missed the conference. It sounded great and would have been fun to meet!
What phone are you carrying these days?
What's our study room?
make ball go far. I bet him and Ron got some good coke during that rain delay, helping the cause dramatically.
the fucking balloons in the house keep fucking each other against the wall. ITS ALL THE WINDS FAULT. GODDAMN FAN.
Nice! RT : Congratulations to Varsity Baseball for defeating No. 1 Oak Ridge 1-0 with a walk-off home run by Andre Gregory!
You're welcome. :-)
didn't know, wasn't gonna ask for all the net to see. have friends who live and asked me to come visit. Thought about moving!
red and blue at the same time, your welcome.
awesome! we'll tell you more soon :)
Iova: Do you want to go Ice Skating today? Riordan: No Aoife: No. The ice is too slipery.
Thank you to everyone who helped us get to this point. Stay Tuned for details!!!
RT : Great leaders break barriers, bad leaders create them
I've never done a speech in front of so many people before..
It was pretty great!
yuum im so hungry. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Playing hooky and watching the KU game. Excellent day would be better if they were winning.
Check out the first and largest, the only A list internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com,
Whoever started that 'Zac Effron' thing deserves a clap! :D
No real investors? Probably buying gold! Don't cry to me when it takes a dive! Real estate is the best investment - Buy apartments
YESS! I'LL JUST HOP IN YOUR SUITCASE(: WARRY GONNA STALK THE BOYS!
that's metaphysical riley
Happy New Year Nawlins! Missing the Beignets, making da groceries & screamin "throw me something mista".
Hello, NC!
he's such a little bitch
I'm followin every Nick n Disney star I idolize......YES
Top of the afternoon twitter!
Don't forget that Obama has experience cleaning up messes, while Romney specializes in making them!
Listening to of SNL talk about DSLR filming. Thanks Alex for sharing your setups!
Someone talk to Me
thanks for keeping us informed. Not looking forward to driving in what is coming up. Yuck
HOTSAUCE has been given!!!!
I more confused than a three-legged what the fuck am I talking about.
don't get blown away out there
Visibility creates opportunities. If a resume was the deciding factor in recruitment, there would never be a need for interviews.
Happy Birthday Brian![: Have a good day💗
i just noticed ur egg has a "C"! awesome, is their a "like" button for twitter??
NO PAUSE NONE OF THAT SHIT GET OFF MY DICK
:D YOUNOW in like 5 hours omgee!!!! Hey, uhm so how's school so far?(:
Just about missed the bus to the zoo because doesn't know how to control her bodily functions.
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR NEW YOUTUBE CHANNEL, FACEBOOK PAGE AND REVAMPING OF YOUR WEBSITE AND TWITTER ACCOUNT!
wats up doe?
follow :D
is it the wind and pollen making you feel like crap? or was it the Jaeger? Go ahead and blame it on mother nature
aye yall dont be scared to add me anytime ill follow back as well,god bless everyone-S.Beyond
He's everything I could ever want in someone<3 he's perfect in my eyes<3
April 9th so another week off to be a bum. 8-)
oh thats wassup bro..but i think some where in Greece tho
Definitely a blast-from-the-past, breath-of-fresh-air kind of thing.
I love all the pictures I get and collected throughout the years. Honestly I don't remember where this one came from.
sorry about tomas - know just sucks to not win. He played great thoug... Such a close match.
Just ate my lunch like an effing savage.
No, you're a sad person bc u don't care that Wall St. can play whatever games it wants w your retirement $.
RT Excellence is not an accomplishment. It is a spirit, a never-ending process ~ Lawrence M Miller
So awesome when I log onto Twitter and something like this is the first thing I see :P
I just used the word "drivel" in a sentence, possibly for the first time.
What time does it start? It's my bday Friday night... heading to dinner at Nobu but would love to see you and Syb...
Alright. Time to think about finals.
Getting ready to head back out for day 2 of registry week - surveying the homeless downtown San Diego.
: It's funny how seriously the black people in my dorm take all star Saturday night.
Should #ape activists be upset for using #chimpanzees in his political ad?
just ask real fast in class today and then come save me!!!
"Just" come down to tonight! BYOB. Daniel and Cody from will be sittin in. Dont miss out!
ive trying for forever its like he looks right over my tweets
*Moans like Eva Simons* RT : i want you to take over control RT Still get the rush when I'm alone ~
a highlight for me too!
Trees budding, flowers in bloom, birds chirping :-)
Regardless of the outcome, I loved the #Nuggets season. They were a joy to watch. Cant wait til next season
Ha! Story of my life, I like to do lots of things just wish I was good at them!
yeah but they are having a bkfst at 9:30am just for friends of ASC
American greed at it's best. Love it.
LOL, My mom asked why I was freaking out so much just because followed me, Shes beyond DUMB.
I can't be there til 5 cuz of my other job... But ill keep ya posted man
yes sir! Stay ready dont have to get ready!
Have #jobs you need to fill in #ROC? We can provide 100s of highly motivated & qualified candidates at our Career Fair on 5/16!
I'll also be providing social media updates both here and on Facebook and the Eleventh Stack blog.
I hate people but I love gatherings? Oblique, indeed.
My new year's food resolution is to eat those bagels
I dont feel good…
I'm in a weekly league. Should I put Kemp in or replace w/ Ibanez.
That's the spirit! :)
Well hello the all the skirts, dresses, and vaginas I am going to see todayy
Heading to #SXSW - Showcases on Fri & Sat
I would personally want to be hammered in his position.
Ready to beast this test??!! #apwh who!!!
Ron Swanson singing Wichita Lineman. Yes.
to freakin cute
Wow. Apparently there are 900 community organizations in Baltimore - a sign of health, but not if there is little collaboration
The grinch !!
Last year around this time I was so happy I was graduating
no im busy working on projects and auditions :(
Im hopefully not the only one that has peoples number & still starts convos on my statuses ;)
we are 5 likes away from 400! It's almost time to give this ep out for free! But not yet
Thanks Ben. Appreciate hearing that.
- y does it matter? i meant 3 cuz i forgot chrissy
San Diego’s Leo Hamel Fine Jewelers Opens Jewelry Buying Office in El Cajon, CA
I should have more followers then four./: give me shoutouts!
I wonder if knows that 's Stomach Tied In Knots was 's official song of the day two days ago <3
watching Bad Teacher while I get ready for work.
Thank you kindly to my latest followers.
RT : Using Twitter for PR Events bit.ly/nvibNp
Plays like one too. RT : Raymond Felton is built like a brick fat person.
SUMMER HAS ARRIVED EARLY....DECK AT SHOOTERS IS OPEN TONIGHT.....MY HOMEY KING.DOM IS GONNA BE THERE KILLIN IT ON THE TABLES....LESGO
The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him. Nahum 1:7
Real shit lol RT : i'd be the #dirtiest cop RT : If I was a police officer if be causing havoc .
It's a great economic plan to spur growth in other biz-friendly states.
Had an excellent show tonight with Creatuve Cauldron in Artspace Falls Church with Eureka hosting.
: Check out my buddy new mix tape. Follow him for the link. Also I got a new track featuring him dropping soon!
#IAlwaysWonderIf someone can read my mind when I'm thinking bad thoughts.
plzz follow me
Yeah, it seems like an excellent fit.
Friends of Henderson Libs Used Book Sale starts tomorrow at Green Valley Library through Monday. Come by, get a deal and help our Friends!
At my next art show, I'd like to give out those eye-dilating drops so my work looks more crazy bright. Lens flare art party!
have you seen #Drive? It was awesome
You have to get away from all windows for the lockdown, but you are in the ALC... You can see us through the big windows...
Eating a sandwich. Alone. In the car.
the beat for that was crazy tho
"La voz de la mujer", the anarchist-feminist newspaper published in Buenos Aires in 1896, has arrived!
Just Marvel. And skullgirls side tourny.
im gonna try to get up to 300+ followers wanna help i would apperciate it
It was a good night. A really really good night. What else is there to say, really?
I will walk you through it later.
could be a fire alarm issue. Did you notify one of our staff members on site?
Reed festival opens with a salute to veterans - Marshalltown Times Republican
woo!! Big congrats to you, way to go!
My dream! I can geaux tiger it up as hard as I want.
Thank you for listening, now lets get the lead with the top of the order next inning!!!
Good lord...
Happy travels to everyone heading back to VA from the AAM conference (including some VAM staff!)
Great bike ride at Cedar Creek Park with this morning. Now off to an afternoon at the spa!
Here she go again. I can't deal.
Hear hear!
Cathartic weeding of garden.
I LOVE YOU. THAT'S RIGHT, YOU!
I got a softball game today Columbus & Balbo 6 PM
Ugh I have to take the eoc today😲🔫
1 class taught, 1 article written, 1 phone interview conducted, 1 presentation planned, 1 quiz studied for... MONDAYS!
Learn about Planning for College tomorrow on Perspective at Noon on WPWR
i followed him chris!
Our President killed Osama bin Laden. Mitt Romney almost killed his dog.
Independent Music is Mainstream. NOW is the time to create the movement. We need 1000 indie labels with at least two artist contracts.
I see y tyga with black chyna she bad af her body unreal
Caught austin's "the spells" tonight. Calling it now. Also, two dudes with lit up eye horsehead masks. Video possibly forthcoming.
Me and my man r on the road traveling and giving away free child safety kits.
Just discovered this singer Noah on Youtube who does covers. Holy cow. Dude's voice is UNREAL.
Too true. Are you the sole #publish2012 tweeter?
What's my favorite word!?
Jesus' heart breaks the poor and my desire is to do what I can to imitate Him.
"Our greatest trials and tribulations produce the greatest happiness" --Zig Ziglar
You should make your 2012 trip to our event!
thanks for the add & ! much love :)
moved my workspace and it smells like diapers down here
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 36
good! A testament to the hard work that they do and the teacher(s) that lead them!
Texas recovers fumble by Cal at the Bears' 19 and comes away with 0 pts as Justin Tucker, usually automatic, misses FG left from 38 yds.
going to bed soon!<3 good night
Finally a voice of reason!
I want to hang out & do shots with her lol.
Agreed. Can't wait to see this. RT : I need photographic evidence! RT : There's a clone in the cafeteria!
Uhm... EVERYBODY knows that Miranda Lambert is one of the stars of country music. Please up your #popculture game. :-)
Me too, it really is depressing.
The current deficit in California is $16 billion. Illegal immigration is beyond 'out of control' in California. YOU add up the numbers!!
Watched Degrassi: The Next Generation ep where Wheels comes back to cheer up Snake--he's having a bitch of a time with chemo for his cancer.
Awesome! Thanks for the heads up! RT : #BaltimoreTermsIDontUse is currently trending worldwide!
I've always preferred "As You" in period where there's big difference between men's & women's clothes/hair
"Truth is, you don't lose friends. You just find out the ones who were true, and the ones who were never really there for you"
how did we not find earlier?
Long island medium is my show!
was i still the last tweet or did someone tweet after me?
Sing a song about the heartland...
I just had a red velvet Dimples Cupcake. It was AMAZING!
So Sweet! Sorry we missed it. Loved having you on CBS8!
So very tired
the Winnebago guys weren't too pleased. It had just been sold & was in the shop. Paid $400 for damages. Crazy moment.
That awkward moment when you wave and smile at someone but they don’t see you.
the only good thing about going to work is listening to my iPod on the ride there..
Groan :) ": Gorge-ous (HA!) weather in Hood River."
My parents were both Jayhawks. Go KU!
sorry... I'm at my moms, visiting
I can see it in your eyes you're angry.
Mongolian bbq
You're welcome :)
working great
YAY!! Got all A's on my mid terms mood: Proud
I agree...
RT Where's outcry frm our Politicians when Amcerican citizens are being brutalized for peacefully protesting?
the one day i make a conscious choice to wake up early, the site my online course is on is down for maintenance.
Randy Bass: SoTL is "slow analytics"
YWCA Empowering Women Luncheon drew a record crowd Wednesday. Were you one for the 1,600 who attended?
“: I just got to peek at two prototypes for our new Cookie Box line - BEYOND fabulous!” O!
Well, it's what I would wear with it too. Except today apparently it's navy, navy, and brown.
Maroon and white phone case :)
yes lol i finally got one #canyoubelieve that :)
yaaaay will do!!!
50 jus to change the oil in my car?!?!
happy late birthday
Optimism is positive thinking lightened up- Norman P Veale
My new app for building eportfolios is in beta - ! Would love to hear your thoughts!
RT : Woken up yet another morning without the help of the Velvet Rooster. C'mon people, I need ya. RT...
Can't wait to see the Voice tonight. And CASTLE!!
lol cool. U miss me yet.?
The best time of the day is the sunset evening. Especially in the city on a warm night. I love that feeling.
To My AUnt Janet, You Lived a Good, Good life,RIP!If you can see Twitter in Heaven, you were loved, respected and cherished by Many
Ditto. they do need an update! I think by not creating an update it's their way of trying to get ppl to buy the app.I refuse!
I'm almost done with school year and ill be up there a lot this summer. I had a pretty good record last year
If this was baseball, Jeff Ireland would lead the league in strikeouts!
I couldn't get into the link you sent me. So I guess all's well. Love your work!!
ah watching the notebook D: gonna cry later....
we have had no luck with FB
Back to sitting in my room, watching the world, scaring myself on Halloween ...yes
I cant wait until Cotto beats Mayweathers ass!!!
Coronas?! Alright :)
G'night everyone!!!(: <3
Sent my Ma & Pa to concert for Mom's day & she texted me they're having a GR8 time! THANKS LADIES! #winning☺
Mix round 1 is finished! Keep your ears out for demos this week.
Walked 2.76 today. Wing still jacked.
Beautiful day for a sail
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to just blow up twitter.
What's up
that's a classic 3000 song!
Weather improving in Belgium since we arrived...thank goodness!
I'm god, you?
did you manage to get in the press box for this round? Are you going to NY?
dude last night was a great time! Looking forward to hanging out again soon
lol we've been writing this thing for like a month
yes sir whats good?
Our goal is to provide excellent service throughout the Tampa Bay area that fits your needs and exceeds the expectations of our customers.
It's a small world, but there are a lot of variables
What is #ccbe?
just grinding like usual ya'll at Adestiny need to do some work with me!
Is it bad that I'm a 20 year old that still sees a pediatrician?
#1919 What is your favorite IB dance from america's best dance crew?(:
#SomeWhereInTheGhetto ICE is busting someone without papers that's just trying to feed their fam ...smh
"Wonderpets, wonderpets, we're on our way!" I hear that about everyday.
“: . driver's seats should have bedpans built in.” --agreed! But...who would clean it? I would not want to.
sorry about that. I'll be sure not to let that happen again. We greatly appreciate you taking the time to act in our film. :)
Colorado we have the best printers and copiers in Colorado. If you go with us the color quality will be amazing!
Going to church today!! ~Tisha
I hate the fact that 1D blew up in the U.S. They need to go back to Britain where they belong.
thanks for the write up on Great insight. We have big news a foot.
won't be turnsanity until he can up those TOs. sorry bro
Chase Trails - Mountain Bike Trail Builders: Update from the Forest ...
This is Alex (co-founder of wcw). I'm on a flight to Austin for our launch event tomorrow. Can't wait. It's gonna be awesome.
Jessica Simpson does realize Drew is the name of a Lachey right?
yes I'll shoot you some options when I get in front of the computer
Two, everyone thinks their problems are most important. So anti-white racism is "the real racism" when it's what you notice personally.
ok that is really cool thanks.
Maurice Sendak, thank you for making my childhood and my adulthood more magical than it would have been otherwise.
I love this!
"Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body", according to Cicero
Thanks, Jane. Enjoyed your five part blog series on crisis and look forward to connecting with you too.
Rest in peace, Etta James. Thank you for the years of warm, rich, human music that expressed hope and beauty in the midst of sadness.
#How2Tarot Look out for a number today between 1-22. Something that stands out in the day. When you get home, look up the Major card & read.
WOW! WHAT A PLAY!
LOL. this stupid bitch said "i prefer beer over alcohol" hahahahahahaaha
email sent
Nothing is going to change. Deep down, you know that. You are wasting your time.
hey DM me!
I'm thinking about hanging up my new swatch watch, like maybe above the doorway or in the kitchen, cause, i always want to know what time
Hey Tom, give us a shout next year for the nations Top 50 Athletic Schedule Posters. We produce the poster for the Razorbacks.
I felt less of a person ..
hey r u wearin ur bball jersey to school tomorrow?
As for being amused by waving colored pieces of fabric, look at how the richies and the Right worship the "almighty" dollar.
watching the recruit
Just like that....he was gone
i know! I'm so bad. I live by the philosophy "why do today what can be put off until tomorrow"...lol! At least on Sundays I do
Going to see The Dolls (oh yeah, Poison and Motley Crue are also playing)!!!
I ate an ear taco last night. Not sure what kind of ear.
I was watching that too! I don't know how some of those girls get pregnant..
A 2 guard offensive set is my favorite because you are ready for anything the defense might try to do - press/trap/zone
He make HOES talk but now im like fuck it
#6wordstories I came. I saw. I conquered.
Gotta make up for not being on second some how. Only way is to score from first, stop sign or no stop sign.
Listening to Eric Foner at #NCHE and I'm pretty sure I'd like to go get a drink with him.
It's good, I got lucky tweet from is always sweet to everyone. What about you? :)
Said i was going to bed early. I lied.
All jokes aside my sister has a mental disorder.
Today's Goal: Get unfortunate songs stuck in people's heads. Next up: Baby from Justin Bieber.
Todays $5 lunch special is a club sandwich. Come celebrate the weekend!
Do not pray for task equal to your powers, pray for powers equal to your task.
. thanks so much for coming to for Dolly West's Kitchen last night!
Filming today at UCF with the cast of
Just hosted a funny show w/ Armen Karaoghlanian on Stay tuned for video tomorrow!
heh...yeah...Led should have been booed off too...was their "we're too strung out to care" tour
thanks a million to you and your team for the video. It really came out amazing! Cannot thank you enough :)
good to hang over the last 2 days. Excited about the future of Sugar and doing what I can to help you grow.
I am out of class early.
Thank you for your kindness.
Bye Matt! Good luck.
Big L #dopest Big Pun dopest. # its a tie
my mum does. Hahaha
I always imagine Flynn Rider from Tangled saying "CAN YOU IMAGINE THE POSSIBILITIES" whenever someone says that... Haha sorry
Thanks! Good luck on your piece.
hey but I bet you make the most of it, must not be that boring!!
oh by the way to add to that
Ohnoes. How will this news affect the Iowa caucuses?
Red Hot Alert: We'll be on Living Social next Monday - the 28th - 5 classes for $25. Get 'em while they're hot!
Sorry brother. Thought that was the "model" face. Hahaha
Freeballing in gym shorts in Waikiki after getting bred. I can feel the jizz starting to leak out.
Do I see a museum day in our future?
Im trying to get some head fromJulia Roberts
Going to make sauce and noodles! :D #AmIItalianYet?
(: i WAS IN BUCKLE
hey , i must have huffed too much of the c-60 yesterday. i was high as shit watchin the penz game last night.
I actually want that gig. Who has to persuade anyone to be interviewed? People love to hear themselves talk.
Monster block by Joel Anthony
Good Night! :)
Mark 5:41 He took her by the hand and said to her, "Talitha koum!" (which means, "Little girl, I say to you, get up!").
It begins on the 1st of July and ends on the 10th
I just got teaspoons for a gift!
well then!
This guy really saying Peyton Manning is gonna be a flop?!
Because you hate it [actually, love it] when I get sappy and corny. And you can't stand Judy Garland (who I adore).
We loved your post! And thank you so much! We're thrilled to hear it!
hey dude. Sorry I missed you man! Drink on Thursday?
Happy Labor Day to all! Hope you have enjoyed the long weekend!
#Chargers finally have a running game again. Love it.
the list is not fair, except for City of God, all the others are US films RT The 10 most important black films of the decade
I just finished a 1.41 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
What great news!!! What are your hopes with the study?
the agency is offering a signing bonus. *scraps raises 1 eyebrow*
Feeling very content tonight. I like it.
Yea better than staying home RT : still ah touch road nuh true .
Tomorrow! Come and enjoy the musical stylings of Matt Cantlon for a free lunch hour concert!
So let me get this straight. The Pope has an I-pad. And he tweets?? Nice to know what the leader of the Catholic church does all day. -SMH-
Really missing #SXSW this year. I hope everyone is having a mind-blowing time.
Lead me to the cross.
“: Almirola finishes 19th. solid top-20 run for his first Cup race at ” thumbs up to partner!
have you watched being human?
": "First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." - Mahatma Gandhi"
My iPhone screen is starting to lose chunks of glass. Gonna have to bite the bullet and get it fixed.
I'm in new jersey. Having a party on Friday. Who wanna come
Dork shorts begins!! #thatcamp #lac thanking folks. Major thank yous to all who helped organize. This UNconference rocked!!
You're my wish... Why can't you just realize...?
#csa12 Russell: Academy seems to discourage use of twitter/social publics, yet encourage us to study it. Why limit our potent. intervention?
Immigration Issues, Voting Rights Draw Thousands To Milwaukee May Day March - The UpTake
since I follow tons of historians/the follow me, I just got a good historically specific answer to that question, so ha
Um glad u feel like dat u just let me know wats up..anywho not gone worry bout it..bumping this music get up wit me
Bout To Call My Sis Back
A good government remains the greatest of human blessings, and no nation has ever enjoyed it.
defeated by a 3/4 done memo. perhaps I will be more brilliant on Monday morning.
Meet Paul Teller of the U.S. House of Representatives Republican Study Committee (RSC) today at SPA drop-in advising, 3:30-5pm, Ward Lobby
lol I've not been to Happy w/ them but I'm not failing either. Ugh, I want this to end. >.<
let's play!
cause the eggs you suck on are too rotten TWOgs
To be cut off after NINE YEARS because your people want to talk shit about me would make anybody bitter and miserable.
I didnt see that to now! I wish I were there
Hey I just followed u i'm in the v 103 room
Taking the family to the #Portland #Boat #Show today. Looking forward to some great boats and overpriced hotdogs.
Very well said. Had to retweet that one!
Let's talk about the chocolate playgirl models! lol..
Best morning! RT lolol, best morning tweet. [RT]: Did I oversleep...is it spring?
Fabulous morning. Locked myself out for the first time this semester grr
Well When Am I Gonna Come Home Because I Have To Get My Valentines Stuff
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
Hey DJs: Do you have spare time this weekend? Write a review for our concert/album review blog!!
Or rather #Bluetooth pairing that is initiated with an #NFC bump.
Just tired to put an NZ .50 piece in the dryer. Mistook the Queen for George Washington!
HAPPY HOUR TIL 7! We've got the NFL package on Sundays with Happy hour deals starting at 1pm! $3 select drafts, $3 house wines, $3 rails
Getting ready to launch May's #DesignBizChat - all abt COLLABORATION!! Join us 2 discuss how it creates opportunities 4ur biz 10 amET today
What's the deal with my brain? Why am I so obviously insane? In a perfect situation, I led love down the drain.
3'S A CHARM HAIR STUDIO IS LOOKING A NAIL TECH SO IF ANYBODY KOWS ONE HAVE HER CALL 816-359-2253 THX
likes to spam the dash lol ;D
haha you're crazy bud. How the hell have you been?
Say it to my face
Everyone should check out and add the people . I met Jolie and Mike from the site over the weekend. Truly two awesome people
thank you sir!!!
Predict the Rockies Regular Season correctly & Win $200!! Email answers to . The winner must live in Colorado. There is…
That awkward moment when ur teacher looks at u like she's gunna yell then she says "u get a new cellphone cover??"
and prostitutes...
those tattoos made me very hungry indeed.
Seriously. You. Check out the moon.
Ok he just asked me what I wanted to eat but not moving.. like why??
TEXT-S&P ratings - Belarusian National Reinsurance Organization
"In Transcend mediation, we don't command, we propose. We prefer it not in the subjunctive mood. English is a very bad mediation language."
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho noone can stand, even their own family don't like em
I think your guardian angel is Betty Boop!
90s wage growth meant you could 2x income in 30 years. With today's #wagegrowth, it would take 300 years. Janice Eberly
House Environmental Matters votes out amended form of Senate's ethics bill.
come back desperate house wives imy!
Thank you and let me know any #makeup tips for this season
In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy, and I prolly ain't leaving the next time I'm in Cleveland
#raw10 Ur Ghetto: if u pop Popcorn n a skillet. Cookin oil n butter, shaking the skillet 2 make all kernels pop. Waking up all the Neighbors
Forreal .": It doesnt even matter bc the more she fucks up the more she's jus pushing me into someone else"
I'm using it on my phone now!
And then he demanded a trade to The Office, where he would be the starting host.
I want to assign some sisters to do it all because I trust they'd actually fulfill it. Tinsy smidgeon of how the Lord feels.
And this somehow shocks you?
Dear Mac Book Pro, at the end of making every movie-each book I have gets unstable-please stay alive and well until movie is Final-Thanks!
Home and alone. Kitchen duties ahead. But first, martini and Nesbø
Making the executive decision to sleep instead of go to class
No guy should ever text "lolz"
ima doing and i dont date briana i date this girl named shanley and wats to facebook name
terrible win. Needed the nets W
Great thing! Good luck!
I remember when I wanted thousands of followers on twitter... Now I wish I had more than 300 on tumblr *sigh*
"vicar's butt potato" is phrase of the day, as far as I'm concerned
i like to think to think of smoking a lot of cigarettes as a form of folk-medicine.
STEALING MONEY!!!
We need ur HELP...drop off ur use athletic shoe @ Durango HS or Help us reach our goal #Durango Project Sole Shoe Drive
Spring is fast approaching. Make sure you have all of your outdoor gear ready for all of your outdoor activities.
ANYONE WHO GIVES ME ANY KIND OF SHOUT OUTS ... ILL GIVE Y'ALL A SHOUT OUT RIGHT BACK!:) so, have those shoutouts coming!!! :D #thanksguys!
Just told one of my students I remember the days before Facebook. He looked shocked and said, "I didn't know you were THAT old."
lmao. oh wow
#FF Follow them! They are the Best so Hit the follow button! :)
"No, thank you for this moment."
yes? (i know nothing about the samurai pizza cats other than that it existed)
Mother's Day Is Near Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture
The real fun starts after 2AM. Lol I knew that nap would come in handy.
Today is my birthday.....
why if im not with him he never called me or never came back from north caralina or where he went :"(
good morning I hope you have a great day...
Mushrooms and tilapia in a red wine garlic sauté and spinach salad for dinner. Probably better with red meat but still yummy with fish!!
there's only a few people in my life that i could never replace c: you guys are what matter the most to me <3 #thatsright feel special c; <3
hi, thanks for following back☺
Those who can't forget are worse off than those who can't remember
is the full study available anywhere? I'd be interested to read it
I'm a youth pastor.
Attn Members: Scammers are posing as FCCU to obtain your personal info. Remember - we'll never contact you asking for personal info
Luxury! Sounds good. Hoping to be there by the end of the month. I expect to celebrate with sushi.
hahhhahaha wow, I have not seen twitter in a loong time
oh I c
I'll bite....I'll follow the ' vator. No longer a 0-0-0 on the Twitter home page.
yeahh been had one
A hundred mfers couldn't tell me nothin I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
Good Morning! Remember to turn negatives into positives. Focus and let the bigger picture develop.
ESPN or NFL Network?
I feel you. Lol RT : I'm single chasing a dream
How did you do at #CMM?
Watching Portlandia and dying.
If your web content doesn't work on mobile phones, your web content doesn't work.
If you don't respect family first, I will make you resect pain first.
Belieber here: A dream and I want to do please. Please Please follow me my love.I'm super belieber! RT my love love you too
hey! Sorry to have cut our conversation short. Definitely want to catch up - I have news!
Just starting THE Trade Show in Harrisburg, PA. The build up was insane and I'm one of only 6 vendors here.
you so totally won that slammy bro and yea tonight was totally #SSSIIICCCKKK broski but in a good way ! Woo Woo Woo !
yard man or eligant. your choice
You nurture me, protect me from those nasty rain storms, and keep me warm on these cold lonely nights. You're the house I've grown to love.
Only on #youtube can you watch the #WTCprogress and drift aimlessly till you end up on #ThatsWhatSheSaid jokes
My head hurts
Heads pounding but pregaming now! Roll tide
hope u have a great day as well!
thss Rapppin game on the PS3 > > > : )
LOL at mom talking about how sexy dad used to be
lol Boi u r silly! We are heading that way in 5 days hopefully they'll get they act 2gthr by then.
I need him to do it for fantasy football sake! Lol
This kids throwin mousetraps at people
“: RT : This is a Day that the Lord Has Made I will Rejoice and Be Glad in it!”😃😃😃
“: McCarran welcomes attendees arriving for the World Market Center’s Winter Las Vegas Market. Enjoy our amazing city!”
Clearly, only someone from Northern Virginia would know such a fact LOL ... and how true this is! :)
noodles is poor people food. Never understood tht sayin customer I stay eatin noodles but I got money in my pocket!!
Yes! excited to have u on the big show!“: Might I actually get to meet the infamous ?
How dare you say vin likes you.
I'm a unicorn (: #greeneyes <3
In 2012 why do they still distribute phone books automatically? You should have to pay if you want one. & Yes, I do advertise in it.
how can we be involved? Popgh.com
Maan i didn't know Busta Rhymes was in Halloween
GTL with minus the L
Right after I get makeup on.
Damn I am about to drive all the way back to Houston. So tired -.-
thanks 4 that follow back i will enjoy following u ;)
my sister told me to ask you to hook her up with Jake
round table is very impressive today. & set the tone for important discussion.
I've been told I have a lot of potential as an aspiring artist.....I believe em!!
pussy. I got my tongue pierced alone.
LOL! It's a $2,500 per bottle white wine...a gift. Grounded still in Africa hot weather even @ 3 A.M.
Just ate cookies oh crap I forgot we can't eat In here I'm dead! So long twitter friends! 5.3.2.1.I'm dead. :-p oh crap 5.4.3.2.1
Thanks, I'll check that out.
Varitek: "I've been extremely blessed and extremely honored to have been able to wear this uniform."
Thunder up 
Black Jesus, Black Jesus, Black Jesus. Jesus is the new black.
I miss my daughter
so did REMEMBER
Don’t forget the sunblock if you decided to head outside for some studying in the sun.
Felix Hernandez eating at the Downtown store was a treat for the entire staff. Go M's! Next year will be different. Keep the faith!
love it!
guess what i picked up for you today!
Married,not dead. Hot! “: A little gloss & a tuck and you'd hit that right, ? (I know, I know, IF you weren't married,"
I'd be in the heavyweight or super heavy weight class but I think I'm quicker then most guys my weight
Lily Who? O.o
I am thrilled! Can't wait to start creating courses using prfessor.
lol...yeah, just like you! :-)
Surrounded by a gang of uneducated girls is the worst. Should be illegal. No common sense at all. Really? Waste of talent. Lol.
Frances Richard reads w/ Miranda Mellis this Friday the 23rd at Unnameable Books in Brooklyn.
RT : Whoever on the sidelines seeded #flipcams to players was succesful, huge unpaid placement value
In situations unpredictable stay cool everything will play out perfect if you play your cards right.
:) we best be having our hang out night soon
i never will underestimate u at all
Teaching myself to be more Girly & lady like :/
so get ready!! Lololol
indeed. well-said.
The pessimist complains about the wind, the optimist expects it to change, and the realist adjusts the sails.
Good night!
TWO MORE WEEKS OF HELL. ( school ) than SUMMMMMMMMMA! :D
You definitely have a dog. If you jog or run you are officially a Seattleite (?).
i really wish i could smoke before i go to school -_-
Naked, with a smile. His go-to outfit.
Ongoing study of the problems of the #incarnation and the #exegesis of #prophecy and #eschatology with a
Why you being a stranger? ": that's delicious. Been a while."
I feel like running or dancing or something. Have way too much energy for almost midnight.
Unfortunately Ezra Masch had to cancel rehearsal today but be sure to catch an open practice this Tuesday from 3-4.
#rapevideo wow Outta control... can't believe peeps tried to distribute it too...lock them guys up quickly
Thanks for the #FF! Go Badgers!
she's not answering me - you ask her lol
Good game! Really good game!
Randy Moss played in the NFL after he left the Patriots? That's news!
yes sir, buddy! plaid shirt, boots, and a cowboy hat....
Little bit of reggae in the morning :)
Actually, not even sure it is still andrew. . . anyway - I sent from my work email as well, just in case.
Wearing my improv pants to improv class. What makes an improv pant and improv pant, you ask? The built in diaper.
its hot as fuck anyway lol but tell my nigga dave we on something tonite
all these bitches jusss aiming to please.
Up North is partyin what are you doing!!!?
But I'm not done having fun w/ Super Meat Boy yet. I can play that thing forever.
Thanks buddy, appreciate it. I'll let you know when we head down to ATL for some screenings. We should hang, it's been too long!
Looking forward to April and the upcoming #NFL draft, and wondering who the #Seahawks have their eyes on.
hello bradley X]
I'm my way to a Beach Party. PEACE!!!
"H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A"
Nicks/Manning Drink Your Milkshake. Sluuuurrrrrppppp! And yes, there will be Blood...
I like that name. Idk, it's different.
yeah did you guys know me and ed have an insider.
Happy Easter! Wishing all who celebrate the chance to enjoy this day with friends and family.
Breaking: on my way to plane crash at dane county regional airport
Eight sherrifs on my metro train with guns and sunglasses on...nothing to see here, right?
The biggest problem I have with datomic, as with many "nosql"s, as with clojure, is lack of "second sourcing" for production use.
Since I cant sing, I just look up instrumentals and synth solo the melodies haha
Gorgeous day!! Going to support the Broadway League this morning since I can't play :-/
Wizards won, Caps lost. What's wrong with that picture? :/
Bout to go get my hoop on come ball
#PrayForMike my friend got hit by a car please pray for him
truly amazed how satisfying taking a spiritual drink soothes my soul.
wow...you are really pumped about this movie aren't you?
Yeah you're down by 32 and Kobe is taking the rest of the night off cause he is a selfish prick. Maybe pass it sometimes
Once I complete p90x im going to do insanity. I better look insanely good upon completion :)
Thanks! We figured it was time to join the 21st century :)
Dear sweet boy, please dont break my heart. Its been through enough. Sincerely just a normal girl
wat I do??
Nite! Are you gonna be at #SLS12 this year? ... Goodnight techno-listening, gadget-loving, website-hacking, lulz-loving friends.
there's an even cuter one of her and being sleeping twins but I wasn't allowed to post it :(
but I'd love a workout partner :)
What do you have to do with all of this?
Gaithersburg fight song is the same tune as WVU?
Who's everyone's favorite to win the #StanleyCupPlayoffs now? We have $4 #CaptainMorgan mixers for those of you looking to watch tonight!
people ask why we troll, its because there is no soul
Fat Naked Dangerous
haha yeah idk what was wrong. I wasn't getting any tweets :p
RT : When the bum is numb… the brain is the same!! #astd2012 <<awesome! : )
Sorry, no time for loser trolls today. Gots lots of work to do!
Today's focus: Ray Vega on WKCR 89.9 fm. Now until midnight.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
Back to Cheyenne one more time to see Josh Turner & Alan Jackson in concert tonight. Yee-Haw!!!!
I NEED A FUCKING RIDE TO WARPED TOUR.
I basically tweeted te exact opposite.
C U then!
I must have been really sleepy. Just realized I was asleep. Lol
judging by trends, i wouldn't be surprised if CDs were completely off store shelves in, let's say 3 years.
They Say I'm A Changed Man They Tell Me I'm Flashy, They Like Me Better When I'm Fucked Up & Ashy..
Move-in day! Destination: Chinatown
did you get the mail
's Double Choc/Single Chin brownies were a hit as we celebrated the start of a new school year. PATY is my fave cookbook!
Switching it up tonight.. 's Sailing Souls until i fall asleep 
follow back??
I Clicked On your Twitter and Your Backround Scared Me o.O
Thanks for following back! You should come in and try our Caldo de Res....DELICIOUS!
lmfao i hate you. I'm gonna text you
attending program on information literacy and visual literacy
oh god.
People that brag on jackson state are from usually from the worst part of mississippi
My mind is already transitioning from Tax Lady to Balance Lady. Am getting ahead of myself, but why not? Because I can!
": Guess I'll Get Sky High & Watch Matilda :)"<<<<love that movie!
Guess who's coming to Pearl Dive tonight? ME!!! We're doing the chef's table. Is it alright if we show up at 7:30 instead?
Is it closing??
thoroughly disappointed because MTT video
Ding. we have a winner.
keep spotting moles on my arm and going back into tick-alert mode, despite having drowned my nemesis in brandy and burned him earlier
Well... maybe just one question.... since you're all here and I've got a warehouse full of books to leverage w/my last(?) hurrah. NG
The hoe took my phone!!! Hate my mom
Katy Perry, Chelsea Handler: Why Hasn&#39;t Jessica Simpson Given Birth Yet?!
Congratulations L.A. #FestivalofBooks - what a great day for booklovers. Highlight? Julie Andrews reading from her latest book! #ClassAct :)
Verizon, Rogers, Bell, Telus and AT&T will be the LTE parnters
So don't take this the wrong way but there *is* an easy solution: no dates on Sunday. Easy peasy.
access to local db storage?
amen to that.
Didn't they used to perform the nominations for Best Original Song?
I'm doing good Big Sis. How are you?
Film being shot down the block: bridal party and onlookers running down church steps & down the street again...and again...
great addition.
aziz ansari is my spirit animal
Love is not a thing you can do,when you do other things love will happen
i hope your excited to come back to chicago!!!!!!!!!!
is at ready to head to Montana for the week.
Rob, you are very welcome. It was a great article, thanks for allowing us to share it with our twitter fans!
It's our first big snowfall in the Mil!!! Yay!!!
#ThingsIveLearned Today I learned that radio may be the last thing standing when all media gets corrupted. I heart Radio.
All business success comes from the the person you're trying to help, sell something, or serve. It starts with what that person wants.
do you hate me? :'( Are we still GAB's? D':
I don't think OJ made a shot this whole game
Bumped into my old boo Miss Gean not too long ago ☺😍
what celeb movie quotes do you love?
Did Jerry blocked me? I really can't follow him. What's going on?
sorry I already have this photo on my phone.. :D
Alright...why can't weed eaters be easier to start. I have a 1 year old, name brand that just refuses to cooperate? At least 25 to 30 pulls
I am ludicrous excited for this reading! MT : April 18 with and at Hell yes."
Lol's they are out and about already!
Mike Carey sucks!
a 13 year old kid on facebook just called me his future "sex' girlfriend D": #wheniwas13 i never said that kind of shit
Next stop, #Toronto with Tina, hopefully before the world ends
sounds awesome! I'd be up early just to repeat it all again!
#SUHSD Bonita Vista HS students leave school early on min day while daytime #curfew is in effect & #CVPD says "No problem", but when...
hi hoe are u
Ignorance has become a commodity
as uw fan utthoff thing is gross BUT unlike most coaches bo does not run under performing players out of program. See crean, izzo
We haven't updated our links in awhile on our right nav. If your a local spot that wants to be included, let us know!
wished i could had gone,but i had to work that night:/ i heard it was awesome!(: congrats!(:&thanks for coming to eagle eye!:)
There's nothing wrong with you! There's actually so much right with you that God didn't make many to match you!
TODAY AT 4pm 's Mayoral Candidates to participate in community conversation on LGBT Human Rights Issues bit.ly/d648C6
Don't believe what the media tells you
I deleted that a long time ago! Haha.
great recap Brittany!
After months of telling my dad all the funny/clever/sexy tweets I say he made himself an account. Look out 4 his backyard squirell updates
AFTERNOON POLL: When’s the last time you whipped up some homemade milkshakes?
You can never really truly love anybody, someone else always replace those feelings over the time.
and sorry to all who got spam from us! we tried to delete all those messages before most of you clicked them. spam and hacking sucks! : (
STEM, Language Arts, Health/Citizenship, Programming, Arts
my 4 year old bumps "in ashes" on his iPod, pits and sings the words.
Just got an email from my teacher saying to bring a "good attitude"... that means were going to do something stupid!
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 11
lohh u should not be so damn ugly boy jp
Siloam Springs Memorial Hospital Transition
Agreed! I'm calling 5-1 on aggregate. RT : This. Is Going. To. Get. Very. Messi.
People always say to follow your heart. But what if your heart wants it all? Sigh.
me c:
i miss you!
August already?! Where did the summer go?
haha wow that's retarded
eh...if he likes it and he's smart about it I don't see the harm ;p
our Robyn is a sports fan now, ! RT : Watching my 2nd FSU game of the weekend in Austin. What.
Not Irish but Murphy's law is rampant oy vey
New Ep "If Only.." is now available on Itunes and a limited number of hard copies!!!!
CNN Founding Producer: Terrific! A Marvelous Program!
In China w/ & mtg w/ businesses & officials as well. Hope to join you in Mexico City next year.
Best deals in town @ getfollowersandlikes.com Get your order today and receive an extra half of your order free by 7am 3/23/2011
thanks for the great convo and crowd. future of media? quality will rise to the top!
RT Still time to get your vote in on the poll about who should start at second for the Tigers. #Tigers Inge isn't on this..wtf?
Taking care of yourself gives you strength to help others.
I like the Burlington, but where's the minibar?
Does this dress make me look fat? No, it's the fat that makes you look fat.
Bracing for the "worst blizzard in decades", which is supposed to arrive tonight.
RT if you just read this.
Gotta love that damn Greek!
Ive never asked for much in a relationship I just ask for honesty, someone I can trust with my life thats all ive ever wanted...
Hey! How was the walk? Did you find anything at City Liquidators?
All of them except for Madden. Not a fan.
there isn't currently a "search for location" feature, but great suggestion. We'll add it!
whew! caught up on our ! keep 'em coming Twitter peeps! I'll be hanging out on here this most of this evening! let's chat :) -Chris
Thanks! The detective work really paid off and made it simple to fix.
Excited for
GAH! How did I get to be only 3 weeks from earning my MLIS without writing anything that described information-seeking behavior?
I don't know! Everyone I know didn't, and I know some proposals were spot on.
YES WE DO! We will plan & put ideas together until we find the succeeding one! Haha!
2 days until our headlining show at Louie G's! Hit us up for a $5 ticket!
thanks. that was really f'ed up of him...
Bill Maher's New Rules for #TimeMagazine in last night's 'Real Time' on HBO = scathingly brilliant.
Who makes the protocol? They're at the top.
RT Black Male Student Success in #highered: A Report from the National Black Male College Achievement Study.
Kay you're pretty, But that doesn't mean you can be a total bitch to everyone.
Gn my Tweet peeps and FB folks!! A new day is on the horizon....
Watching Cold Case with Viggle Thu | 19 | ION Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I cant wait to see my KYU and i cant believe they cut him off in the short version dglkshggbhsdhgs how could they do that!!!
We're ready. :-) RT Very poor timing, I must say...the next scheduled Rapture coming *after* this damn debt ceiling thingie.
poodle status LMFAO
#20ThingsAboutMe i am NOT a morning person.. haha
Smooth! Looking fresh.
what!? blasphemy!
Did you know 87% of Americans say that a smile from a stranger will boost their day? So make someone's day and flash your smile!
Love Travel, Love History? www.TravelandHistory.com
Benefit of cycling on trainer #1: if you are an idiot & know nothing about gears, you can watch while you shift.
FOLLOW BACK BRUH..
Falcons have agreed to a 4-year, $3.588 million contract with 2nd-round center Peter Konz that includes a $1.05 million signing bonus
Thanks for the RT!
just my ipod on shuffle
Hangovers are bitches.
One thousand fans, hot d*mn! It feels good to be surrounded by so many good people.
Solo Dolo = No Drama.
Red Hook Lobster DC highly recommended. Had Lobster roll and Whoopie pie. Yummy.
Ugh well night douches.
I'm always interested to talk to my followers (:
Mine's still up :P RT : 15% of patrons calling this the digital rapture since not everyone's Gmail is down
SunandMoon is our featured #Tarot reader this week at www.shindigtarot.com Come and meet our readers on video!
Cool. Let us know how we can help.
Morning shoutout to my new followers
My "brother" is an ass hat
I want my phone 
I just signed in so it's all good. I only saw two.
#ICantStandPeople that Hate for no reason. :/ But whatever Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love..right (: <3
: Blending...online classes are not just webcasts and info dumps #virtualclass means to have lots of types of learning
Be a leader, not just an administrator... James Kane
Theodore Wirth is pretty fun. Centrally located too for everyone
this question only involves people with a girl, sorry. Hahaha
This was quietly a pretty great year for movies. Mostly small, independent dramas, but some great stuff.
Everyday is a great day to be a Texan! : Great first day as a Texan.”
Suck it up, and leave early to take a shower.
If any show is weirder than Summer Heights High please let me know.
There is more to know about ? Do tell.
I heard this recently but I heard +8
Those "Friends" That Are Only Your Friend When They Need Something.
This was constituent outreach, but in my line of work we use the same technology platforms to great effect for voter outreach.
"Volume Up"? More like "Lesbianism Up" amirite?
Yeah, they said Alex Ritchey should show some respect.
Good Morning facebook from brianna on his page
. Sum big ass granny draws. Ha hs
Thanks for tweeting that and for the shout out!
SUZ from BR says Roast the Raves! Run all over 'em Chris!
7 Days Without Prayer Makes 1 Weak! PLEASE RT :)
Best Facebook + Instagram tweet I've seen today “: RT : Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.”
lol..not diving this time, just snorkeling and paddle boarding with the fish and turtles this time.
"She can read it, she's a special ed teacher."
I have the fish song stuck in my head. Haha
At the rate they sign Quarterbacks, you have to wonder how close Manning was to signing with the #Badgers over
NoTomorrowArtists.com is live..absolutley nothing on there but it is a living site first step:) we are all very excited for what comes next!
Thank you so much for sharing!!
Cleaning out Didgeridoo Boy's car went quickly! I tend to move fast when not allowing myself to breathe.
Good Morning, World!
I already have an alarm clock....its called the loud obnoxious latin guy that screams "TAMALE!" outside my window at 5 am
# of punctum downloads: Preternatural: 307; Leper Creativity: 418; Reality in the Name of God: 145; Intimate Bureaucracies: 87. Yeah, baby!
hi yvette, would you follow me so i can respond to your direct msg? thanks !
love the screen name!
I was DD last night and got stopped at a police checkpoint. Definitely a scary experience even if sober.
Do you ever get the feeling that you're being watched? Because I'm watching you. Just kidding, but you should like us on facebook though.
yes! In Niles dude.
plz follow me :)
Hi Ronald, Thank you for following! I am looking forward to your tweets!!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend except that guy with no friends :(
The strength is in the analytics it provides on pins you upload through its system. Have fun with it!
I'm one of those bad things that happen to good people.
our room smells like burnt pizza rolls. Thanks !
I won't tell nick because I have no idea what this means! ;)
Just learned a new dance.its called the
Working with brians the best. He's real slow
AW!!!!! TWITCAM'S HAVING TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES AND I CAN'T WATCH THE LIVE CHAT NOWW!! :( Can anyone please give me a shoutout to her??
I love how tiny my grandma is small dainty thing ^.^
When no one text you back
What r u doing... Where u What's ur plans for ltr...
Looks like we are playing "they might not be" Giants next weekend. I am really going to enjoy sending them home in despair. Go PACK!
Just because the tag says Bebe that does not automatically mean it's cute! - Lauren Correa
Nomar was part of the segment?!----the guy who sulked on the bench back in 2004 against the yanks in that epic game....ironic.
FOLLOW WE BACK:) 10
Only a couple of weeks until Christmas!
Difference in school & life? In school, you're taught a lesson, then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson
All signs point to Lauderdale.
thanks for the mention! Glad you're finding the insights and gifts series helpful.
Up here in the states they have so many options. They will f*** with u today and move on to deh next tomorrow.
you'll see when I rape you and you're Xbox
when there is will, there is a way
Lord, Father Son and Spirit God, send your angel today to release me from my prisons, keep me in you way, and send me to specific people.
Omg last day of High School, its gonna be emotional!!!!!! I'm crying already :'C i'm a little bishhhhhh
Love you too and you will get your song tonight :-)
We just got some new *White Master Kush *
I think I figured it out. Folks, watch out for the #AntivirusLive virus, and, obviously, don't pay for the software as it's a scam.
+!|.++ SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX.. SEXY..SEXY.. GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
He's "too busy" to pay attention to anything that doesn't involve him.
On the bright side, a lot of great dinosaurs are unclaimed. California should be T. Rex: big reputation, struggles somewhat in practice ;-)
lightning is so pretty<3
yea 2 times
Cops nab burglar by earprints An alleged serial burglar was really a Dumbo. Cops in Germany nabbed a suspect wanted in nearly 100 break-i
nice first day run, keep it up
Ima get that grammy soon fuck ur magazine voice
If You Don't Have A Stage Show, That's Most Likely Why You're Not Being 'Booked' For Shows. No One Wants To Pay To Come See You BORE Them.
that was one of the things they left out of the Bible: "the gayz shall inherit the earthz."
My wife just said "A League Of Their Own" is 20 years old.
I need somebody to mention me my twitter dead
So, who else is stuck with family and debating the proper amount of time to wait before fleeing back to civilization?
Dammit im drunk >_< , for some reason, it helps me work though.
Do something spontaneous today. An act of random kindness. Report back what you did.
Thanks, I had a great time! I always enjoy talking to smart, engaged students.
Ha. Those foghorns better be real in this pea soup or there could be another disaster on the river!
Hey Matt, my dear friend sent me here. I voted for you. Hope you get it, kid!
We're alright I guess haha. I haven't got any photos with Uncle Ted, not really allowed cameras backstage
Don't scare me girl - it's Tuesday here in the States. I hope you have an awesome day wherever you are. Be blessed, be proud
don't even get me started on that one
follow back
Will there be an action (in Indy) relating to Shut Down Corporations?
btw, what happened to your other twitter accounts? I saw you blocked a lot of people and then same with your FB? Consolidating?
A #BFSportsMoments - today in 1990 former #Olympian #JesseOwens received the #CongressionalGoldMedal from U.S. President George H.W. Bush.
That's awesome. I love seeing your work and tweets. Reminds me of Pat C. He would be proud. p.s. I'm one of Edna Cs cousins.
about to leave work. day off tomorrow. what to do tonite?
I'm at the Wiz Kalifa er I mean the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, UAE -- tallest structure in the world!
#BreakingNews: City of Anderson announces Spencer-Ockomon lawsuit has been resolved. Follow for updates.
what up big ang?
Snagged myself an audition for #Disney's #GetConnected!!!
Q4 We read about many different new classification systems in #libraryschool last term, but I think Dewey/LC is so ingrained>>
Check out the ICSF schedule on neybor.com. Check into sessions to earn badges
Da bulls is John lucas team
those girls are so young!!!
bring her to my house shell let you be there I live in the whitest area of new ken lol & If she lets u stay here we can go to cams(:
My face hurts.
Thank you, I'm flattered! And in such good company, too! I'll be back to #wjchat soon
I wish I could just sleep all day!
Could not resist
lol that's what she said! ...ok i'll stop...
tune in right now...channel 12/2...my video will b shown
Phinney Ridge's Cancer Lifeline raises $235K at annual luncheon, to provide support/services to cancer patients/families....
Another reason for the D3 model across the board. D3 allows the student-athlete to self-release.
Rodgers, times have changed. I'm clearly biased but Brady's lost a step, it's all Rodgers now.
ee2 is able to demonstrate better perf than existing core ee, api surface area has been quite the debate.
haha oh yea;)
your mom isn't bad!
The princess walked in just to take more attention, 'cause after all, well isn't that all that I've been after?
New salon on N person st appears to be thriving. Like 15 smiling ppl in there - looks like a tv ad or something.
I know there's no slide at HoHoKam, but Where you at ? Haven't seen you anywhere.
Michal Roszival once again proving that he can take a shot, but still never take a shot.
I'm getting a little bit stronger.
PBS KIDS GO! Web Series Oh Noah! Offers New Videos And Games
i need a coffee iv.
A shout out to MY friend, be a friend and follow my friend!
The curse of the Beckett-bino
Twitter Tip Pt. 1: Want lots of followers to get your MSG out, keep your tweets like Hansel & Gretel's breadcrumb trail...
Even Trey Wingo cracking jokes in studio. Like hearing Tirico, Jaworski, and Gruden isn't bad enough.
Jut bein nice and u talk shit
We're offering automotive repair services at our 12520 Nacogdoches location. #ASE MASTER CERTIFIED MECHANIC
SHIFT 7: FREE CUPCAKES from , FREE BEER from w/ own mug. RSVP is.gd/veA0np
Tech terrace sucks. No houses allow pets
HUT UP!!! GET OVER IT AND LEAVE ALONE!
Don't worry thats what sore-losers say. Go I am sure they'd have sympathy if we lost.
Need that bulletproof face
I love everything about you in your dreams when your sleeping snap back in to reality and get that heart broken baby
Agreed. I also had some big issues with the second one. First one is fantastic all around though.
RT : #Civilunions & other bills in #SpecialSession will need to start at square one, then work thru both houses.
lol (; That funny moment when someone talks about you and you don't give a fuck.
wanted to see' think like a man' tonight
Giving my 111th tweet to <3 love you Austy.
Whew, what a fun weekend! Now, just need a weekend from the weekend!
Someone spent a lot of $$ to send us an overnight envelope w/an empty toothpaste box & misc. pieces of garbage in it.
Thanks for the folo, I enjoyed the screening of #ThinkLikeAMan last night and interviewing your co-star today!
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves." -Carl Gustav Jung
Uh why are we up?
So basically, Eagles building around scheme that didn't work well rather than talent they have/had. Nice!
When you appreciate what you have, then what you have appreciates in value.
So many McCutchens, so little time.
"I can believe anything provided it is incredible." -Oscar Wilde
Exactly =D
my life sucks now because just saw what said on facebook 2 me sad
icecream! And champagne. Those are our go-to! :)
Shannon and college friends haha
MWW Designs will soon offer custom Facebook layouts for musicians and DJs!!
Theres never a second chance for a first impression.
when you see me ?
SAGAFTRA. Great idea, terrible name. What do you think the new union be called?
I want to eat both
Or ask for podcast gossip... RT Now in hour 13 of workday - send love, jokes, questions, cherished memories (of me, DUH)...
We're here but I can't answer for so I'll give them a nudge. Their program proposal process is separate from ALA's.
The powers of Netflix at work.
Listening to music to incorporate into Fair Play movie
#2012wish: To gain weight.
school night
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. "Patrick Henry"
I would say yes. You need to be clearly independent if u r used as a sub
i miss the days when people actually wanted to do stuff... & not just drink.
This girl >
preping my feet/legs for tomorrow's match... they smell like chocolate
get off wat days though so I know
Oh fuck, people here wanna talk to me too...
tweet us today!!
Starting about now: workshop on Collective Scholarship in Digital Contexts #scms12 St. James room.
Today is mother's day, but every weekend is non-mother's day.
cannot wait for the race. How's that chassis gonna handle, do you think?
Right here getting ready to watch Lakers Lose. “: #TeamCeltics where y'all at?!”
I am reminded how much soccer is a mental game and understanding where we were and how we got there, the mojo is missing got to find it
your the third hot seach on google!! congrats!!
I wonder if there will ever be a day that I do not hurt or am not injured... physically. Go frogs.
I don't know what "restaurants" are trying to pull. Food tastes better without pants and they're ruining it.
follow me here please!!!!!! :D
I think it was 8 mistakes, not deaths. Probably more deaths than 8/10000 er visits.
that's insane!
Darth Vadar was at the door??
I am excited and I am getting ready too. Can't wait to see everyone!
I loved on #agt, but the next two seasons' knockoffs just seem like copies to me.
I needed a laugh tonight. Jim Hunter just said this game almost has a playoff atmosphere. HAHAHA.
Good morning friends. Up and ready for a beautiful day. God bless :)
watching Mulan because of out little tweet session we had the other night .
#kids Mansion & Stable Tours at Hartwood Park, Fri, May 11 10:00a: Tour the 16th Century Tudor-design Mansion and stables. Call ahead for...
Looking at the box score in from Wilt's 100 point game. Attendance: 4,124!
Better than doing it during the day when people are thirsty and trying to rehydrate.
I followed you!!
I better see you!
i love your life
Anytime hun so what's the next concert you plan to hit?
if Pootie Tang had a larger vocabulary, he'd definitely say: "#dontlebronme."
#IMBLASTED haha everyone get it trendning girls and guys come on get it trending
187 miles till LA
watz good ma
Happy Tuesday, Ready to build community and care from the heart. #letseducate &
what is we went the opposite direction on #OneUppedBands ? Novemberists, Lukewarmplay Silverfrapp, Sports Talk Radiohead
Thank you!
: The linked article "Four Things Your Morning Routine Shouldn't Lack" includes positive thinking. :)
LOVED seeing you in WI today. Can't wait to edit/share my video footage from the breakout session. (+ loved yer #Breitbart words)
Interesting note about Farraday. We have terrible Poddy Mouths...
I want to be in a Pepsi Commercial.
the food itself is different from Superior. More trendy/Americanized. The owner had no experience running a restaurant. The staff
Stop losing count before one!!!
Will, We create custom twitter backgrounds for many Pro Athletes. Would love to do 1 for you free. Follow & DM if U R interested
Just picked up the book Breaking the Habit of Being Yourself by at
Opinions sought-- Halo: ODST. Worth a used buy? Need something to tide me over till Halo 4.
Finally got my presentation proposal, which will be co-presented with a friend/faculty, submitted for EDUCAUSE 2012 Annual Conference
I KNOW(: but thats okay because awkward people rule the world just wait ill be president
finally at home :)
So much buzz this morning about on the way to NC to workout Manning. Let's get it done !!!
Yeah if I was to finish up my degree id so work for that's where the hotties are 😉
That awkward moment when a guy hangs out of a public bus yelling at you to call him...
#Save Your Home tips from Anna Cuevas on Michigans WTCM Newstalk with Norm Jones Wed Nov 23 10:35 Eastern Time Listen Live online
how so?
How come I never get sick in NYC but I come home to Texas and inevitably come down with something? #ifeellikecrap :/
Faux Show opens Friday! Don't miss this one; choice works of art that play with perceptions. riverwestartistassociation.blogspot.com/
That's so awesome! And a great idea.
So. Who else is sitting in the dark thanks to the wind...
Not sure why I goto most of my classes if I just sit there on my laptop anyways
sensationalism on the news. Belltown on a Friday night is worse. Nothing much happening down here
I'd like to have a big push again...anyone willing to suggest my idea to their friends for support of the page???
LOVE judging this firefighter calendar event with and others
Met up with 2nd unit tonight to pick up footage for blanks; some wild stuff! :)
giirl just saw you drive by
wow!! Loving the logo;-)
no thanks.
#moverslongisland working weekdays, weekends, holidays, even on the day the world ends! most reliable service there is!
#Apple is raking in the money. Mid-day Wednesday the store is packed and there's a dedicated line just to buy iPads.
"'We could all learn from crayons: Some are sharp, they are all different colors, but they all have to learn to live in the same box."
I am a lifelong Democrat! You couldn't pay me ENOUGH to vote for Romney!!!!!
Looking for promoters to add to our staff. If your a social, outgoing person please get in contact with us, and see what it takes.
Thanks for the plug!
very fitting stat for your profile photo ;-)
whats that mean?
RT : is the new Pete Campbell.
I think I'll be hooking up my SNES and 64 later this week, and then go to play n trade and see if there are any games I can buy.
jjust finished watching up, now melrose place is on.
what about deep-fried frosting?
shit trynna see how every one is now days
Should be working out or drawing but bumming it for two seconds on twitter looking at pics is so much better. Lol
You've lost all your weight…now what? Girl, keep at it every single day from now on…or you'll go back to the way you were. You can do it!
Ok, getting ready for the school board to make their big political speeches to the crowd on closures
.: Your duty to uphold the 1st Amendment trumps state law. Did you authorize the use of assault weapons aimed @ protestors?
well there's not abs
The pipes on this kid!
does nothing but blame, nothing but sermonize
-- Haha! Damn my random moments.
twitter acting up ill follow u when I can
Maybe If Houston hadn't been battling against themselves for the fumble psu wouldn't have scored...
if kelly doesnt hurry the fuck up I will kill her
Blessed is he who speaks a kindness; thrice blessed is he who repeats it. -Arabian proverb
Never let some1 be a must in your life when you're just an option in there's but i still say i must have you!! </3
#NFLdraft is so predictable this year
do you guys make fun of people who sell pre-paid legal? i do...that's SO 2001.
Work Hard, Play Harder (;
Football banquet
Events guide: Easter and Passover 2012
this is an intriguing conversation :)
hmm, maybe that's what Shoppach's trying to do with his bat...
Best food ever (:
SMILE CUZ... your beautiful.
Your face...i like that shit (;
Does everybody have their lotto tickets? Mega Millions is now over $640 million!!!
Such a buzzkill too!!!
cut back on the klonopin.
Spending the day in the workshop and the studio. Time well spent.
ha ha saw the FB comment God pants!!!
thanks girl! And on the day of graduation is fine
There's nothing like sharing a meal, saving money and spending time with your Family. Join us for Family Night! We have Deals until 8pm.
We were just fed a late lunch by who also brought a bunch of needed stuff. THANK YOU!!!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Morgan Freeman very influential man, if you ask me
whaaaaa??!!! You're crazy he's awesome :P
I want to take a "Jesus Tent" on the next Grateful Dead tour providing food, water, clothes, etc..and reach out to some needy hippies.
call in the national guard.
"Disney is pathetic" the new generation are shite it was better when hillary duff was on it.
i love all my followers
Sometimes all it takes to change your outlook is a fresh perspective from a dear friend.
": Whoooooooppp!! We got 1! #IJustWantItAll" That's right...written for a rockstarr
#IWishYouKnew how i feel when you act like you don't care.
yessiree! :) #yeee so tempted to go out there and jump on it and then just fall asleep!
not as good of a friend as you are youre my boy blue !
Suspect ass nigga
DC: In the case of Michelle Rhee vs everybody, we find Rhee guilty of being a bitch and sentence her to pack her shit and get out!
I live in LA, but a canuck indeed, born in Montreal.
Have a great day! #FF RT :
Middlesex. I probably could have gotten through it faster but I never wanted it to end, so I savored it for awhile.
Start making electoral decisions based on policy rather than religion?
why do you say that?
no I wouldn't I would say hell yeah :D
Follow and get him past 300 ! Working for Stephen and I love it! Do this for me, not him!
Happy Friday to you!
that's fine you can call me a pervert...I love those books.Plus don't make me bring up ln
It would be nice to know when we are starting thise nice initiative in Zambia
its good to know somebody cares.
RT : Feeling the 'Magic" at Google today! #GCTREBOOT2012 Me too!
can u follow shes a good friend and will follow back
We're all just playing here. Young and old. Everything is made up. Everything.
Thanks for the Christmas wishes! Happy New Year!
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
tell me lies, make em sound good
Will it have childcare? And will there be chlorine in the fair-trade coffee?
Thank you Jeff!
It's happy hour!!! #NHL playoffs all night!!
if OOP films qualify...The Third Man
": love you babe(:" love you too buff <3
your right....it was a flagrant foul
Guenther takes us on a brief tour of id. loc. gov
I've been comatose since my run-in with on Monday. I think Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding has changed my life.
How I hate it when someone on twitter says something unintentionally dirty & I don't know them well enough to point it out.
Great meeting with Audra of today! We look forward to working with you, to bring programs and services to those in need.
I told ya it was gonna be a #HottSummer, you thought I was playing lol Bru I imma be on you end in a minute..haha
Ladies there are sum good men/bros out there still, don't rule em out!! I know some & met some..didn't believe it:)
be grateful for what you do have, you little ignorant cunt. I feel so fucking sorry for your mother.
Never before had i seen a dead dear on the side of the road. Ive seen 4 so far today
Thug Life
Not really. I'm still not quite shooting yet, after a hospital stay. So, I'm just doing site work, DVD editing, for now.
great! Thanks! Keep doin an awesome job
A whole summer without camping and I just got a craving for a s'more. Maybe I can make them on my balcony?
mine is subway but taco bell is my second favorite
yes ma'am
Hey Wikipedia: Time to end the blackout! My 1979 collection of Encyclopedia Britannica doesn't know who Honey Badger is.
NO... DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING! RT : "Let's talk about selling cars, Paul."
Happy Birthday ! When are you going to write a children's book? :-)
Realize that there`s a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them
RT Stay tuned to and follow for Carnival CHI updates! Save the date, Oct. 6th!
Good luck remember to teach USA's 3 main exports: football, drinking games and porn
RT “: Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone, the shaking icons make me feel like they're all panicked over who's getting axed.”
votes counted! thanks!
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine "Ive always wondered why you bothered putting make up on, you dont need it"
how was your date with ? (:
Worst witnesses on the planet?.... ATTORNEYS. They are-- we both know it. (Engineers a distant second)
(20th anniversary of my 10th birthday, maybe)
In the D, our mayor wanna close recreational centers, governor wanna build a $14 mill bridge with our $, n republicans want Obama out. Crazy
WOW!!! It's warmed up to +18.
already another surprise planned - brunch. We'll do donuts another day.
usually weekends. I can't drink during the week like I used to LOL
God restores the broken through Christian Rehab Centers
No it's not. How often have you been out for Relays and there was a fight in the bar?? Almost never. Way worse for Rot Rally.
At visa! Ready to watch and Nathan:)
'Model food' is really not that bad once you get used to it... ;-) Hey it's healthy!
You're right. I should. :)
Can't say I love the mello-dramatic, lyric based, ultra embarrassing tweets from Jim Irsay.
The world would be such a better place if people knew how to drive.
Enter to win advance screening tix to #LOCKOUT & qualify to win 2 passes indoor skydiving! Txt SKYDIVE & ur ZIP CODE to 43549!
My printer is driving me crazy because I'm doing the same thing and it's giving me different results. Isn't that the definition of insanity?
": You can make a difference by yourself. But if you gather the right people--you can change the world!"
Uh oh what's happening..
#Thankstaking Fact: Its often said Indians didn't understand private property when they sold Manhattan. Proof: Indians were communists.
I love your energy and material. Thanks for all that you do!
As a foodie you should probably look up the pink slime.
Happy Birthday Swizzy. You've always been a super cool guy to chat with.
seriously! I'm pretty sure I could make better stops than our secondary. sheesh.
Birth control IS legal & accessible to all women. It SHOULDN'T be provided for free by someone else!
Thank you ray :D
but I'm the one with experience....
Movie night with the family 😃😍
hope so haha:)
I feel like playing shuffle board again, Soon.
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order. ~Theodor Adorno
Does it have an official launch date?
dude my phone broke. no WORDS, no joy. i guess for now you win!
Doors for Hooterpalooza open at 5pm & showtime is at 6pm. Tickets for this bikini contest are only $10.77 at your local Hooters restaurant.
it goes...you too boss.
C'mon now...too many misses! Not impressive when u try 8 times
We won't tell your boss if you try one of our new martinis at Lunch.. They do it in Mad Men, right?!
It took me 3 days to send that e-mail...and I spent 3 hours editing it & the attached materials. -___-
isn't tat christian music??? LOL
Thanks to for following Tom Shaw Trio!
no! I love Pulp!
A great new idea. Just signed up. Planning lunches for next week. Entrepreneurs, check it out.
Where were you all? Happy Mother's Day! Next week, we'll be together. Yea!!
didnt go school cause i was sick and i hate it! now im going to clean up the house :)
RT : Listening to at #AWS workshop in Tel Aviv - he is great. Thanks Uri!
Dunno about exciting... but its on the radar for one of the next build updates to BIW.
Writing is utter solitude, the descent into the cold abyss of oneself. - Franz Kafka
Good to have Bob Kemp back on the radio today. Hope you are feeling better.
n Music Meeting Pumpkins “Widow Wake My Mind” ok, didn’t get better happy 4 Billy he’s dating Jessica Simpson Yay for us ugly dudes
Searched GMail for "Meeting Scheduled by Tungle" 170 results. That's 170 email threads happily avoided! cc:
Does Blake Griffen have enough left in the tank for game 7?
Resolves that those who esteem preston sturges yet think the lady eve is his worst will get an extra tight scarf tightening
how many co-owners are there ? ( here )
..happy is an exaggeration; would give up the world to have mines back.. missing the Kidd!! 090909
I can not wait until Thursday. (:
Man I'm leaving for up north this Friday. But awesome news.
THERE SHOULD BE A DAY CALLED "ALL CAPS DAY" LOVE ME SOME CAPITAL LETTERS, MAYBE CAPS LOCK DAY
I hope I have my red lipstick cuz I'll be #pissed it I have to buy a new one!!!! 💋
crazy how time has changed me
When's your paper?
I know!
Before my daughter was born our vacations were planned around microbreweries. The good old days.
Lol at Angela's mom. Totally made the trip EXTRA trippy for me!
Marquis Teague is doin good. 1 mo half n we back to the champs game.
Been 9 months since I've worked in DC now; I still have not found a place I want to relocate to. DC is so asymmetrical.
RT is the go-to place for Christian Life Coaches to get equipped to successfully follow their calling!
How did we miss you?
This tension between my LA fans and my Denver fans is really stressing me out right now. #goNuggets? #orLakers?
THANK YOU, AH -- I needed that. {really!}
early times county stout
There were some GREAT shows in Baltimore this weekend... did you discover any new music?
I just unlocked the "Newbie" badge on !
Tonight. Quin and Reed back on Californication. Unless they cut MORE scenes.
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. – J. Paul Getty
really I will try next time my Kennedy's nose decides to explode everywhere!!
Doe you love your fans? <3
Jay and Ye are home, watching their throne.
Back at school. I already miss the family and Pei Wei usually covers that though.
Zeev Cohen, after recently receiving his Master Level went to England to conduct an Instructors Seminar
This week better go by fast!
Lol had a reality check today niggas dirty....ice cold on freeze below 0
I am really excited about this --->
Yeah, DJ's would be getting fired. They'd interrupt the mandatory Rihanna song every 30 minutes.
8th grade level? I'm pretty sure that's 33-year-old level.
Hello world, enjoy your day, this will be a good one!!
stayed up till 1:30 painting a chicken and liked it. getting back in the swing of art making, perhaps?
ass always burnin up something smh her ass would probably even mess up a syrup sandwhich ...-_-
Who wants to go to the Pgh Blues Festival for FREE? DM me for more info!
TALK TO MY LAWYER YOU THE ONE WHO WANTED TO GET RID OF IT TWO WEEKS AGO COME ON NIGGA
Just got a quiet moment in the studio..rain is lightly falling. The sound of the raindrops is filling the room..it's peaceful.
Do you think people were born fashionistas or developed style over time?
I'm not weird. I am adorably eccentric.
hmm they're all great but I really like more than this :) you?
I hate this. How do you get help for someone who doesn't want it? I'm so worried about you!
Laying in bed watching Malcolm X makes classics!!!
Hi this user is making terrible rumors about you... IDC AND BTW FCK YOUR #MOTHER !
Josh Hamilton's line score: 5 for 5, 4 Home Run, 8 RBIs. Holy. Cow. That's a good night's work.
Aw shucks. You know I blush easily!! Love you too sis.
Gotta say, I do not recommend watching the Zombie Loan anime series. Z...
Like Kevin Garnett: ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!!!
Can't wait until this weekend so I can begin working on my wood floors.
Thanks for the LIKE Amy Girdley Clarkson. Hope you LIKE your new ezwalkers®
This breaking dawn part 1 ad on Pandora is a joke.
I wish I could. but i dont have enough money to come up june july and august -_-
Frode is my savior
I mustache you a question.
looks cool, I use primarily Macs but I will check it out when I get a chance...thanks...Merry Christmas
RT : Oh, you tweet about it being 11:11. Your wish will definitely come true.
Fugg it--I ordered the "expensive" yoga pants...I think Ive earned them! Plus, they come in TALL, praise God!
I'm at my frieds house and she's on the phone. awk
good I haven't seen you around plus its a lot of new faces.
This trip to Ireland is going on my bucket list. RT : well, you could still fly over for a pint. I'd buy the first round :D
F**k RICH I rather be WEALTHY petty hustlin ain't gone get it
Cleaned the house by myself, baked a cake, and had to put up wit my siblings all day for my mom...The things i do for her
it was really good. A lot better than I thought it would be.
You can't be me
I didn't even know the Pacers won tonight. Them boys hungry. Hope they keep it up.
Cant wait till this summer imma get a shit ton supreme shit...
Love your glassware ! Nebbiolo, Bordeaux, and Burg all taste gr8!
City night lights
After describes Mpls local taxes as state taxes in Mpls, Rep. Downey deduces that even the Mpls portion is State money
I'm sure they'll be very happy to have been randomly selected.
If we can't change the contracts, we need to publish them /
I do use mine as an e-reader, and I love it. In fact, I never use my Kindle anymore.
The Knicks are kicking the stuffing out of the Pacers at the Garden. 98-70.
I miss my Jimmy Choo shoes!!
mope by bloodhound gang >
i think i'll be in west palm beach for a day too to visit my grandpa
Thanks again for hosting Our Voices- Diversity in Media reception- Had a fabulous time last nite!
I dont smoke dude
Make sure to come out this Thursday at 6:00 for our opening of Totally Cool Totally Art's teen art exhibition!
Looking forward to library book discussion today on The Art of Racing in the Rain by Garth Stein.
Dear GIS experts, developers and freelancers GIS users and companies are waiting for you to develop some tools.
lol lucky(; & i didnt go cause im sick. hahaa
Awesome! Send us the link! RT : that was great. thanks for sharing - I just started a tumblr page:)
U have changed so much... idk who u r anymore
Apparently, 3 years equals 2 boxes full of empty liquor, wine, & beer bottles w/ a few salsa & apple sauce jars mixed in.
thanks! But not so new ;)
Must be amateur night these motherfucking kids
#shoutout to my best friend #follow him
just saw The Avengers, Black Widow + Pepper Potts in daisy dukes > Loki :)
Hey, look - #roc was a Jeopardy answer.
Don't forget Happy Hour Wed
yes, there is the autograph session at 11 and the Cougar Kids Zone that will be up the entire day
#Whatsbeautiful doing something for someone without expecting anything back
Who gonna win the championship? Lakers all day.
From now on ima be my own bestfriend .
Home from a great workout ! Now it's bed timez! Night everyone! God bless!
If I had a hot tub time machine, we'd all Moogle, not Google.
happy to see you back with cutler breh! cant wait to see you tear it up this next season.
social media should tie in with biz goals. thousands of fans/followers is one thing, but WHAT are they doing to advance brand?
do it now! why wait
Best fastbreak of the year for Cards.
RT : I have run R&R for 3 years & in that time 2 state runners-up, 1 state semi, 3 district titles & 2 regional titles.
Oh stat how I hate you
when did that ever stop me?
count me in!
was going the fuck in
my fucking phone keeps sending me shit about ppl checking in. dont give a fuck stop!
I'll have a threesome wit them well be 3 different types of chocolatethat caramel that milk and that dark... Words from ...
Great season brother. Thought you fought extremely hard tonight.
no offense but i only care about dylan peyton and austin lol
I think a few of my followers are drunk. All of these tweets definitely are out the ordinary for them. Even this late at night.
Everybody think they know basketball....
knowledge, no administers or classified employees have received pink slip nor has there been any pay decreeses for admin...
Thanks for the RT!
Aloha! RT : Want to be one of the first to say 'Aloha' to as she lands in Hawaii. Have a great time, Gray!
Word on the streets is.. Boobie milk makes some fluffy pancakes 👍
Ooh, Yay to Rebecca and Mark!!! I adore you both, welcome! Oh, we're so close...the photo is burning a hole on my desktop!
If u wont that hammer ima nail u
i'm really upset I can't retweet this! :/
Sorry for not Tweeting a lot recently. Couple nice DE pickups for the Brownies.
Increase your ability to get mail into the right hands, the first time! See how Advanced Mailing Services can help you. 505-899-3104
lmbo I see, look at here V plankin next to a bowl of Romans noodles.......
RT "I’m also announcing here and now that Carl DeMaio can bite me." xrl.us/bmoey3
everything about the stadium is whack.. it'll go back to being empty.
Drive gets a "meh" from me. I give the girls who sat next to me & audibly swooned over Gosling the whole a time big thumbs up.
Good morning from ! Check out our site: www.savetodaycentral.com for the best one-stop shop for OKC's Daily Deals!
Gotta go with Bama
Factoring discounts vary considerably, and will depend on the factoring company, and probably particularly on the age of the receivables.
Check out the brains on u! haha
RT : Yul #Kwon #survivor cook island winner, joins us to talk about his new adventure on Tweet ur questions now
Aye room mate, where you been?!
and tell Diana she's beautiful and she's ma gf! Tell my boyfriend I love him & the lakers are winning<3(':
Me and miss you ):
lol me too
That T-Mobile girl kills me.
This is the first day I've had homework in a long time.
i remember the day the boyz tweeted they were getting on a plane leaving LA cause no more ABDC, i seriously went into Depressed mode!
Proud of myself squeezed in a workout in the evening! :D
Rapids up 1-0 over Columbus at halftime!
thanks for following! 🌸
A tweet I posted back in October is suddenly being RT'd all over the place. Kinda random, but nice!
#cjLIVE google+ is for passions
Odd that the #Chevy baseball commercial uses music from The Natural where Hobbs k's The Hammer and show a kid as Ruth hit a hr.
In 1872, Susan B Anthony was arrested and convicted of attempting to vote. In 1979 the U.S. minted a dollar coin in her honor.
I appreciate the thought of communal kitchen duty at work, but seeing the stuffed rat on my desk as a reminder of my turn is off-putting.
Theres a perception of things around u when u walk, things u never noticed b4!
Arizona needs a fucking ocean
3 hour ride down to NC today with 2 Chiefs and an Ensign just to pick something up, turn around and ride 3 hours back.
It might be December, but we've got summer in a jar from
Senator argues for her amendment: "We shouldn't increase taxes on innovators and job creators."
Gov Martinez announcing new PED rules re autism at 2:30 p.m at the Santa Fe Children's Museum. via
Whats wrong with the police, get caught having sex on duty.....Wow!..:-)
yo i dropped my phone in the toilet last night lol smh.i gotta get a new one but shoot me an email @
I figured twitter needed me back
Children should not be named till after they are born, nor titles determined on for books till after they are written. (1850)
Few historians seem interested (so far) in assigning e-textbooks or other e-resources. Why is that?
that is one gutsy name. But easier to say after a few glasses I bet.
wished you lived closer/:
....but that's crazy
oh and i went on a liking spree on your facebook, sorry about that ;) x
Goodmorning! Going over my sister house later & too the park then w/ him.
question is does this make Philly or Ny stronger????
Fuckin cat sits by my back door leading to the hallway meowing like an asshole. Which one of you told her about the Utopia behind that door?
The country's first lady is #Machelle Obama
can we do #AskAlex ??
A new book mark! I mean...bag tag
I'm scared to check my Facebook....
TV *brand new series of how I met your mother, starts now* - I watched the series ending yesterday online. We are SO far behind in the UK.
I just found out that the night I was conceived was the one and only night my mother's ever gotten drunk. It all makes sense now.
Kompany out, Zabaleta out, Lescott and Micah Richards both facing late fitness tests to play Swansea - Stage set for an upset!
Tonight! Danger Snack and Dr. God together again! 1030pm main stage
Easy. It's called good taste. ;)
Come grab a drink from Fr. George tonight!!!
With Terrell Suggs winning this week's defensive honors, the #Ravens have now had an AFC POW in four consecutive weeks.
it won't let me DM you back!:/
So tired ! I don't know why :(
Make sure you have her getting closer with each slide.
I was kind of sad, I didn't get a sticker this morning! :( Maybe I just missed them.. but I still voted! :)
Business Launch Call Tonight @ 7 pm Est.. Join us @ 641.715.3200 access code 670048
Yes definitely wanting an exotic closet. I liked the one that was all open. Of course you have to be super...
There is a major thunderstorm happening right now, therefore the dog is hiding in the bathtub.
Camera Dave said that to me when he walked in...it took me a minute but I got it!
Yo check my #IG feed for a preview of meals.
Everybody follow my sis , we follow back .
So happy to see out there in the playoffs again. Still a fan hommie. #CavsFan here
When discussing "Paranormal" I do lump in the Exorcist...
Web service written in .NET that's then hit with PHP in Vooba? Trying to avoid re-inventing the wheel.
RT : Looking to reinvent your library in these tough economic times? Attend our free webcast to find out how... LIVE TOMORROW!...
This is like taking a picture of alex's mole!
lol, aww, thanks for the #FF love! Glad to see you're keeping up with good ol' American sports. :)
Note to self; post midnight biscuit making=bad.
trying to track NATO events and feeling twitterific.
Happy national dance week! Oh. And may the fourth be with you!
In Finlayson, Minnesota at Waldheim resort. www.waldheimresort.com
Following Back :)
General Geek Fight Q&A as well as showing off the custom card sleeve prototypes!
RT : I want some spicy wings and seasoned fries, with ranch.me to
I don't think they are using a piece...
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I will go back to 8th grade
oh, i love that song! i see no future too.
Six pack by January. Watch me
People are still talking about Kaner's drunk weekend? I GUESS I SHOULD WRITE ABOUT IT FINALLY.
Just had fried pickles had sweet tea yesterday now just need friend chicken to complete the southern trifecta
Just had an amazing inspiring time with all the people next level seminar. Great job everyone way to play full out.
"We are all trapped in prisons of our own creation" See Vanessa Lunnon in Getting Out (M.Norman) dir. Andrew Hamrick. www.lyrichyperion.com
I thought i stopped following you.
I want you now,here with me.
#Clippers dominating the #Thunder in the second half. Outscoring them 44-25 since halftime
OMG Thanks to my followers because I went to sleep with 35 and woke up with 67 y'all are the best a girl could have!:)
Florida Gators a 2 seed? When did the NCAA give more eligiblity to Horford, Brewer and Noah? This isn't 2007.
take a pic! Rollin in style...
“Though we ask not to be bound nor gripped by the hand of time, we seek to measure it—not so that we may control it or defeat it, but rathe…
no idea when/if I'll get there. zero news/status on power outage. I'm stuck.....and u know what rhymes with stuck.
Goin' to the Albuquerque Petroglyphs today! I love rock art! It ROCKS! .... Pun intended.
High heels are an awesome tool to help the busy woman slow down. I'll take a little pain for some extra minutes of solidarity. Who wouldn't?
Howdy, sir. We'd like to talk with you about your adventures in iBooks. Could we set up a time to talk & get to know you?
It's moments like these where I don't want to be associated with the people whose fiscal policies I support. Just plain stoopid.
You really need to follow me
My brothers Jace ; his favorite song is "baby by " He loves that songg (; & hes 4
#ArabLeague officially backs #Syria Revolution against #Assad regime.
Me too. I walked out of the room.
never settle for a man who tries to put shallow standards on your life, know your worth and get a real man who loves u for u ;)
For days, the people ate words, drank words, inhaled words. --Pin Yi Ko (Fall 2010 issue)
Emily on #Revenge is like Don Draper in that I feel I really shouldn't like her or want to watch a show about her, but strangely I do.
We have no contract Nextel handsets available. Need a spare device, send us a DM.
I hate authority.
Making love faces.
“Hope is what makes us strong. It is why we are here. It is what we fight with when all else is lost.”—Pandora (God of War I)
Thanks for your contributions yesterday. Really appreciated the links to good games too
welcome to Twitter.
Dear ESPN, take your time on the Junior Seau story.
Please don't forget to cherish her
The world would be an emptier place without #tacodog photos
The voters of WV showed thier discontent with our president yesterday by purposely giving 41% of the Dem. votes to a inmate on TX lol wow.
. my definitions of hacking vs scripting draw how Santo and Mullenweg are using the words. scripting in WP is often creation
Where will you be watching the UT v OU game tomorrow?
NO only a HEAT jersey. the hell are you thinkin..
#SomeoneIWantToMeet if he were still alive Frank Sinatra<3
Ah, I wanted to see that. Let me know how it is.
": When you look back, I hope you regret treating me that way."
Dreamed about Elvis.
I blame Nolan.
Getting ready for the #DUWPC. Media from Lacrosse Media Day have stuck around.
oh god. love it. one of my fav all time quotes.
Looks like Tiger is already falling apart at the president's cup.
Not only is the funniest man on twitter, but he is a straight edge kid's wet dream for every time 4/20 rolls around.
WOW WHERES THE HUSTLE?!?!
Live fast die young brown girls do it well.
HEY HEY HEY NOW ;)
that would work too
I think I want to play soccer... Halls Sports anyone???
God 1st! Family 2nd! Money third!... period point blank!!
You know what, i have never seen The Notebook. like i legit never have.... it's like, im a The Notebook virgin ._.
Back in Seattle. Pouring rain. Good to be home (for 2 days)
LOOOOOL. Obviously, you're still freaking out!
A2 #sbchat: 1. send gifts to sponsors 2. Send outreach pieces to unrenewed season tix holders 3. Plan decks to lock down unrenewed sponsors
all 4 1 & 1 4 all RT : no matter how tired & snarky I get I can count on you. thx for putting up w/me
Paychk & prpty value down, health ins, buying power, ed & health care, reduced - Taxes ^,- Quality of life from a lifetime of working hard?
Karma for censoring?
in literally tired of all this. I can't even think what'll happen.
Oh well !
Blue is truly your color! Such a Beautiful & Fierce Diva!
You already know!
True story. Not being funny. This dude downtown was cussing people out in r&b sing song.
RT : Hoping for good crowd at tomorrow's #HITsm chat 12-1 EST. We'll be talking disruptive innovation, Facebook, startups + more!
Put me in the front seat wit him I bet I whup his ass lmao
You won't get an argument from me on that point.
and are sweaty lesbians who eats their own poop
You know id fall apart without you
I apologize for the unusual negativity. I'm just teetering close to the edge here.
I really wonder if I could get myself to trend. I should try.
Earlier today I biked so crazy my pedal fell off.
Florense Chicago's Fall Sale starts TODAY!
Finished our live version of EWF's "Groove Tonight"-used a Banshee to sample the intro vocal and sequenced it in the Motif!!! Sounds great!
You can always receive tweets if you have texting. You can only tweet if you have an app for it.
i hope your grandparents are okay, i will keep them in my prayers tonight<3 #prayforjustinsgrandparents <3
Ik an awesome kid whose my like my bff and he dated my bff..but it ended nasty. Now everyone beli)ves everything his ex says, when he ...
Oh good movement but the left foot shot over the bar. Good moves though.
Happiness is Chicago!
best news I've heard all week!!! cc
I love u more then I should(; <3
#TwoThingsIWant #oomf and a 5 on that psych test I just bombed
Finally figured out Delicious and then they changed it! I don't like new format, hard to edit. Thoughts?
THAT WAS IT
If you elect me president I will move from my home in the Mariana Trench to the White House then turn all the children's tears into candy.
wish I could :( I don't have any breaks today! :/
thank you beautiful
tell me please in what and why
someone just wished me a happy new year UM IT'S MAY
It's always a process when deciding which location we should go to...
With Michael.(:
Get his chips
sorry gotta root for the florida ladies :)
Nice! Glad you had fun. I was in an out went to the Yankees game
when you and were in the shower ;)
“: The dance world is taking over.”
Lolololol , This Bitch Put "The Conversation With Me & #Oomf >" On Facebook . . Um , Really Bitch . Really ?
you know im on the ps3 my dude. ima cop it too.
RT : um SB what ever happened to NY signing footage ?
all i want is u #NOW :(
So many people angry at the world... Chill out!!!
its ok :/ he was flirting with other girls nd he said I wasnt the rite one for hem but oh well I still have adolfo ;D
Awesome children's librarians at Central. Spent the day asking loads of questions. Really should have gone to bed early last night.
Low Carbon Economy = Economic Growth, Break the Cycle,banks deleveraging by $2.6tn -...
Tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite Top 9 Moments!! Go to www.top9moments.com to cast your vote today!
OMG dinner was ah-maze-ing!!
Cant wait for the new season of#BBW .... Drama drama drama
Oh, no apology needed. I didn't mean to guilt you into following me again! Do as you please :)
thought it a noble failure but worth seeing
I think it is AMAZINGLY funny that I retweet Myself on other twitters lmaooo
Culinary, in the evening program. helped convince me that it was the right choice, much as I love pastry.
Starting the new year off with a Wii dance party! ...and not too many calories I hope! Lol
Agent publisher for S Asian fiction a glimpse into hightech, high roller sizzling lives of super smart and filthy rich
I WANT MORE TATER CASSEROLE!!
Congrats on great season&#8! &every1 else
Join me + the Rusk team at the stage at 1140 for a look at the new Rebel Chic collection
I have the same problem with evals, especially if I felt good about a class.
Attending the LBJ #Houston holocaust museum award dinner with special guest
If you're stupid enough to do the cinnamon challenge you deserve to chokee on the cinnamon...and the spoon -_-
BULL af , you know damn wee you aint a virgin .
I wanted to say f wrk 2day. I should b out havn fun too. Maybe nxt yr. Oh I got off 2moro ready to spend my check lol
then why are you watching the canucks? They embellish everything just like eurotrash soccer
Great day reading scenes with my friend, #director #writer #actor Lucky me! Fun
Fresher than a peppermint! B)
i was planning on it before I left what ya doing tomorrow
Nothing better than starting my Friday in Math and doing NOTHING. Home>school.
OMG SHOWERS ARE SO EFFING REFRESHING!!!!
UR SUCH A GUY
Only in the world of the living. When tragedy meets opportunity.
No coincidence that 1 winning badge system is in sustainable agriculture. Sustainability = integrating many complex, concrete skill sets.
It's the last week of the month you know what that means....
Any other #dash4 teams working on the extra credit puzzle?
I need food
What's a bee-line ?The shortest distance between two buzz-stops !
Just discovered the hashtag for #ltf8! Been tweeting from the conference this morning, but now it's official
Feeling so thankful. Thanking The Most High God Almighty for continuously Blessing me and helping me prosper. 🙏
Hey Chicago! We're back tonight, with ! $15 manicure + martini, 10pm, punk/r'n'r by Melissa & Lisa, tonight at !!
well sorry then follow more people im just tweeting justin casue i luv him i want him to c my tweets
(The puppy picture helps, though.) Can't wait to see you!
Disruptive startup idea: Conference call service where participant access codes are shorter than 15 characters.
NO, you need to grow the fuck up and act your age.
The family of a mother and son shot to death is speaking out. Find out why they think this tragedy could've been worse. at 10&11.
In Barcelona. Long day. Cool city. Groovy hotel. I'm exhausted. I'm getting some sleep.
kenz! this song has got to be my all time favorite of yours, it's absolutely amazing! xx
RT Bought my mom a kindle fire.
Yeahh can you drive?????
True football fans shouldn't have to be tortured with this auto tuned crap they call music
u r too funny!
OMG!!!!!!! Elena is a vampire?!?! what the heck?!?! and omg the whole "if i meet you first" and she did meet him first!!!
yup I was. I am recovering from cold and fever. Hugs for you!
now I'm callin that bluff, big plans are coming undone, that's just typical you're so cynical, you couldn't have me
oh thanks! Yeah it's a '64 Slingerland. I've had it forever. Thanks for listening!
Damn notre lame! Damn them all!
Hey Melanic what is the name of that piece you did?
I won't even bother; the whole literature seems to be mediocre at best. That's how it becomes famous. #JustSayin'
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy who actually works for a living.. Not one who has everything handed to him
Hey frat do u do video editing ?
"People who soar are those who refuse to sit back and wish things would change."Charles R. Swindoll
Every time I hear Juicy, I look at myself and say damn. I'm only getting started...
Does everyone have their marketing plans ready for AAO? :)
hey what time are you and the queen coming in....call me 503-502-4425
I got hired haha
As a biz owner, I think they have successfully alienated an entire segment of their customer base.
He knocked him out of his shoes! WTF!
Pee isn't directly related to wine, although we all have to go after drinking a few glasses, but it's sad to see grown adults fail to wash
Good morning everyone. Jeremy & I are moving to a new place and we've been busy last few days.....cleaning, painting, reason I've been MIA.
Getting overwhelmed. I just want to quit. All of it. Everything. But that isn't an option. Yet I am still overwhelmed. Oh, what to do?
recently read Evolution of Calpurnia Tate. Really, really enjoyed it.
off to school! because all kids need to stay in school and not do drugs LMAO
its official ! #SeaWorld next Weekend Bxtchessssssssssss ;;
I'm re-wiring myself (drinking a 2nd cup of coffee).
Skunked... RT : “: Channel surfing for boobs #fridaynight” let me know if u find any. I couldn't
It is hotter than a plasma screen TV in a crack house outside!!
Sex Equation: Me plus you, minus your clothes, divide your legs and lets multiply!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe
Hi Josh! I`m looking for entry level positions in PR/Marketing in Chicago or DC!
You're not going to win this, Kelly. She's a Republican. Satan is on her side.
Hahahahha like, eighties cotton stirrups? :x
#DidYouKnow: In #China, September 20 is "Love Your Teeth Day."
Another Triber from the Netherlands! Let us know if you need any help and keep us in the loop with your season.
Your #Shakespeare of the day...“: IMOGEN. No, no! Alack,”
This weather sucks!
It's tough. I love Stephen King, but wondering if I should read this classic of his 1st & then listen to it. I can't decide!
Helping a friend that means the world to me
Im bored
I spent 1 hour Bowling. 223 calories burned.
KG + a bag of redhots = poor man's fireball
Dash can run on water! He's like a very fast Jesus.
Even fucking better.
“ , Only A Weak Nigga Want A B_tch He Can Run Over .” ' Truth!
Can't sleep... So what is a man to do? Watch old school favorite- "National Lampoon's Vacation"
pretty dang good stuff from my home state. Check out Lee Bains I & - they just toured with the Shakes.
I do what I can.
Cool, my group just scheduled another meeting on the worst times…
I around!
I am currently the following: excited, tired, anxious, exhausted, jumpy, sleepy, off & on. I'm not the following: here right now.
exciting!!! Cant wait to see it!
Is the new trend for these companies suing everybody over patents?
Let's show some Twitter love!!!!!!!!!
we need to hang soon and celebrate your internship!
absolutely agree 100%
american tv doesn't GET tennis. they don't see it as sport, can't expect them to give time to trophy ceremony. pfft.
Obama clowning the heckler is fucking great
haha I wish I owned the lake. We several ponds and live like 10 mins feom the lake but we dont own it haha
Listening to the Beastie Boys channel on Pandora
The real trick is getting that majority to the polls.
I LOVE YOU BEBEEEE :D <3
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Fall in love. Ever.
#FailWhale for regular twitter is annoying, but #FailWhale for will kill their business model.
don't. Barron is a box sfty that struggles in coverage. Rather have Brockers.
Which floor
I realized I'm in bitch mode, breathe Gabby breathe...
You deserve it! Love you angel!
i hate when girls know that the guy they're talking to flirts with 100 other girls but does nothing about it .
I just wanna know why its snowing considering it was 70 this week.
I'm guilty: 80% of smartphone users use them to help with shopping. What are the only 20% using for product reviews?!?
Lol thank you! It was great meeting you! Please stay tuned for my music!;) Be blessed!
. is reporting lots of votes in the Madison area for GOP candidate but Capitol anti-Walker protester Arthur Kohl-Riggs.
A boat w/o an anchor, is a boat that's going to sail.
Flying "care"?
Her twitter is :)
Great cause! Shout out to too! RT: will be on Sun 4 a cooking demonstration- fb.me/1exlbujHC
GoodMorning!!!!!!!! (; i dont wanna go back to school #Map grrr map ios boring :p
That's what Harbaugh has brought. Even when Stanford good in the past, never as physically tough as they are now.
This white dude pulled out some bacon flavor sun flower seed HIS FRIEND WAS LIKE WOW DUDE I NEVER HAD THEM Now he's teaching them how 2 eat
or when speaking of that kid in Home Alone who wets the bed. re: appropriate uses of "fuller"
The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep.
RT : Pray for one another. Just be willing to be part of the answer to that prayer.
I said I'm feeling good but she feeling great
You won a limited edition t-shirt! Simply tell our host your name to redeem at your next visit.
Safe trip, honey! See you in NYC when you return.
Congrats on the TEDx!!!
What's up with the power outage. 1.4 million without power and quite a mess from LA through BAJA Mexico, Thinking this should be NEWS
Birdrock, University City, Bario Logan, Santaluz and North Park. out talking to folks all over San Diego today.
Simple, indeed. Except for all that power it takes to create a newspaper...
thanks for the tip!
Thanks for the s/o
That was some funny, funny stuff alright.
what does that even mean... lol
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -Ayn Rand
Twitter Problems on my iphone! Sorry, everyone.
going out soon! Ill ttyl!💘
Monday! Let's get goals going! www.IamINC.biz
#bieberonthevoice did ok
In his article, Bonhoeffer alumnus Chris White argues that the Roman Catholic Church is experiencing a resurgence. What do you think?
Already tried that :/. several times actually.
i know right? austins so sexxy ♥ &thanks ;)
Get me out Jesus get me out today!
:) yeah his shot there was really nice! Anyway time for me to take off, good night :)
: an unexpected treat at the end of the Agassi autobiography was his referring to Sonny Mehta as the Rod Laver of book publishing.
Not saying that's an excuse...but ppl wonder why black ppl are always so angry ...
The new Spotify app for Android is pretty much the best Android app I have ever used. Now we just need to see what they do for i Pad.
Road trip to to see my sister's a cappella group in concert.
Im as free as a bird now.. And this bird you cannot change!
Nice to meet you. god bless you always
Morning tweeps! Mother's Day weekend is acomin'! How will you make it count?
My Phone Died
thanks for the shout-out! Glad you enjoy our sushi!
what you talking about? The truck guy? Late reply! :p
I'm so bored, I can't even think right. v.v
Capped off a busy day by serving dinner at with staff.
My #Spurs Play Tonight 👍❤
Nikki Minaj is soo garbage, she owes me 6 minutes of my life back... worst performance ever
A Norwich Terrier. If she gets the boy, she's naming him Chester ha. We'll have him by the beginning of August so you can meet :)
10 days at the beach house! Jealous! Huh huh huh?
oh but he is
It did! Thanks so much.
CicLAvia created an open space within the nation’s densest urban area that was four-times longer than New Yorks Central Park.
“: favorite person of the day?! This is sure a compliment I will remember as long as I can!#loveyou” we love U
Obedience can change your situation in an instant!
"Owney, the famous dog which belongs to the postal clerks of America, and whose home is anywhere in the broad land, passed through the city"
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going.
Congratulations to my dad who is the Director of the Adams County Libraries!! The levy passed!! So proud of you and your hard work!
Metro is a cattle car. They need Temple Grandin up in here.
The pleasure is all mine. :-)
im willing to give up smoking and other stuff to put in the time
Thanks much! RT :
Modern alternative and indie #music venues like the 9:30 Club are attracting popular acts to smaller more-intimate
no. I was too stunned by the ensemble.
omg a piñata filled with oreos! where is my bat!
thanks round everyone sends mad love.Deezle sends blessing your way
Now off to Greece for another meeting...
My momma irratates the shit out of me
But I'm not tired yet...
Come.on suggs we need u
I missed Whit Stillman.
Bedtime. The summer of sangria will commence this weekend. Plenty of 2 buck chuck to use and infuse.
Thanks for the follow, Gary.
That flyball works. :)
yep, thts pretty much what I told him. Thx Car!
please oppose SOPA and PIPA. They are an attack on freedom of information and give the feds even more power to b misused.
We Do What's Necessary To Survive
And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.
how am i poor yet have loaned out like $35 in the past few weeks
heh, he did that badly last year?
Ugh... I need some in my life. LIKE NOW.
Wing night. My fuel. Mi raizon de etre. the reason i put a girdle on every morning.
We'd love to know who you follow that inspires you professionally!
Please email us at to tell us more about what happened.
won 15-0... I don't know whether or not to feel good or guilty
Exactly and misery loves company...some things should just be left at the discretion of God!
Shop Local this Valentine's Day! and are some great options for those of you in the #portland area.
1st attempt at woodneck pourover coffee at home was a little strong, but well-tasty. Orbited around the apartment for much of the afternoon.
Tears can mean not only sadness but happiness too.
You're worse with the politics than I thought. P.S. Nugent called and said, "at least I have a twitter avatar."
Thanks for the mention!
#Shoutout to :D
Dang wish you could do it with me! 6 a.m. class here I come haha
It's 1:30am. Just finished working. Time for sleep. But I think I drank coffee too late as I'm still wired. Do I read or play MW3?
Yes, I did watch the show. The last half was more incredible than the first half. Tonight should be interesting!
we're doing pretty good! Getting ready to release our new album!
If someone really loves you, they wouldn't let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is
-I would totally want to come to warped tour if #stampstheband was there!!!;)
Aye, breathing definitely helps! :P
Best brands build direct relationship with customers. Best publishers should do the same. Mitch Joel
I think I had one of those in Brazil. Do you poke the straw through whatever is covering the cup?
Y do cnbc news ask the softest of softball questions???
RT : RT : Never forget to write Thank You cards. Most people do forget, the small gesture will make you...
This is my new favorite picture of you of ALL TIME.
Pursue perfection, but remember it's a long journey.
#askjamie How can you make a nice tender steak on the stove top?
I love it when Boys of Summer comes on. That's my favoritest song ever.
which gal can bubble
“: Parents with young kids: Buy anything that Mo Willems writes.” // I agree
When you least expect it imma be your worst nightmare :) GOOD #Luck#
Just got the key to my dorm room but no roommate yet....I hope she's not a lame
Yes... we will be pouring #HopSlam on Monday. We love you too Cheers!
Not to sound cocky But people #love me #Imthetruth xoxo-Rabbit
I just went on the biggest rant about sabrina cause my dad wanted to order from the homemade pizza company- which her family owns.
Stuck in traffic! :o(
Do any of you use twitter? If so we would love to follow you! Tell us your twitter name. We are "InfinitiDenver".
Why isn't computer-based learning taking advantage of student learning paths and preferences? Too hard, too time consuming? Why?
I feel stronger then I ever have bad times can only weaken you for so long.
Going into the studio soon. New photos courtesy of David Nguyen coming soon. With your help #TeamOtenki 2012 will be amazing.
AWESOME!!!!story can't wait till chapter 1!!:)
Tom Gleason of MassHousing: transforming Jackson Square is good business.
Keep in mind, STL bench is empty, despite TLR's benevolent managing. #STLCards #Rangers #DidIUseBenevolentCorrectly?
I hate my life.. I cant live without you...
ROFL Jersey Floor ftw
“: I keep waiting for a twitter trending topic to tell me I've died.” don't you know- you live forever.
I want a BLL. and some touch of lime tortilla chips.
New season of My Babysitter's a Vampire!? Yes! I love Benny (: I think that's his name (:
Cracky on muni said he's gonna take a crap on the floor if they don't open the doors. I hope he doesn't.
Dep. on your experience, GMAT/GRE may or may not be req'd. Have you spoken to your program manager? That's who can tell you for sure
just an FYI saw you coming in late, thanks for joining us
Relaxing and watching the White Sox game
Oasis moved?
Had the sweetest wicked hot customer in the store earlier today -- she grabbed cut off top and shorts for her Miami trip! SPRING BREAK!
My "friends" from Facebook are finding my Instagram -__- Next they'll find my Twitter D: How can this be?
Tables turned again And you my friend Facing the other way And I'm turned and my back to you again But you know I got to say...
I'm excited to see it!
Got pulled over today.The nice officer said,"Papers". I yelled,"Scissors, I win!"For some reason, he made me get out & do some tests?!
i knew you would like that 1 bro. :)
On my way to see kick ass tonight.
Great first day with the fam!! Now, soakin wet, headin to the hotel
Just got an invitation to my ex's wedding. No date allowed and I wont know anyone there. UM
Gloomy day got you down? Stop by the Distillery for a cocktail to turn that frown upside down! Free tours at 2pm and 4pm as well!
you know I'm paying attention!!!! ;)
Shoutout to all our new followers. For those asking about s next show, he's booking shows and will be performing soon.
We don't need pro basketball... We gave college!!
not going to sleep for awhile since I'm not going to school tomorrow.
I love ur voice u sound so sexy in da city lol
Go Timmy and the Gmen!
Three wines before dinner. No more for you young lady.
I am a hero worshiper. I like the number one tennis player. I like the number 1 baseball player. I want to see those records broken.
Mavs needed Marion last night. come back soon, matrix!
yep it is!
lol. Make up your mind Mr.
Thank you!
The doctors basically had given him a very small chance of survival. He has been in the hospital for 7 months
Can't wait! RT : Tomorrow night 4/13 I'll be in Vegas!!! Come check me out at Gallery Night Club! RT!
Roommate: hahhahahahaha, sorry, I keep forgetting that you are deformed when I see you
Where can one buy a man's bathing suit in Manhattan? Macys has none!!
Rose officially out, CJ starting tonight!
In the mood for some fun? Join the party at #DrMommy!!
Today's Annuls of EM - "Bed rest of any duration after LP has not been shown to decrease the incidence of post-lumbar puncture HA"
RT Congrats to & on being in the 1st class of Catapult (a new #Chicago #incubator) ow.ly/7r0HK
So i am doing laundry at 1130 at night...this so out of character for me
i never plan on reading that series....
On my way to auto zone
you bring out the Trini in me....
power 96 my Favorites Station yo
will you PLEASE approve the app? The wait has gotten absurd. Come on guys.
You can never have too many pairs of jeans - we're looking forward to having you come in!
Comedy night at 730 pm followed by open mic with Jeordie. Lots of fun tonight, hope to see you here!
I made your Poetry in Motion List :)
What the! Bogus! I get all excited beyond belief about being on #Smash, and they show him for like ten seconds!!! UGH.
What the fuck Adele rolling in the deep instrumentals on the iphone4s video
then you would trust me a LOT
What's up elliot's! and ! Thanks for the follow dudes
Remember...only the messenger...AND if you blame me, you MUST give me credit for nice days, too! ;)
it is amazing. I just have to keep doing the right thing.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.29
Haha DetoxLounge is $225 for 3 days!! U can keep an eye out on Groupon/ LivingSocial. I see deals all the time 4 random ones
MSMQ: You don't want to restrict a standard to the people who already know what it means.
I just tacked it onto my ALA registration.
Shitext- The action of sending a text message or instant message while dropping a deuce.
Djing farbar solo tonight. The subs from moca r pumping ridiculous bass. hard to mix when all I hear is woooomp wooomp wooomp
#RealFriends dont judge whatever it is you do and fully supports u
free food and booze at #skype party. RJD2, neon trees, + a few more :) wish you were here!!
you want to experience the hug train, admit it
All I Need - Radiohead
Cherry lip balm! *kiss*
Congratulations Erroyl Rolle! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
I hate when cashiers ask "Is that everything?" Uh no Bitch, I'd also like all this invisible shit...
Thank you! Titles I wished I'd taken: > . I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL by
It's funny when small children try to be helpful, because they are terrible at everything.
we were talking about this earlier. & i feel the same way. Lol
they are human! Cannot expect them to get every call right Jesus.
Upper crust!
Yea shit I been off twitter for a while but all the bullshit has brought me back so get at me world yo boy is back holla
"We lose libraries at our peril," Marilyn Johnson
We've come to the end of our first #adaptivechat. Thanks to our gracious moderator, , and of course all who participated!
happy hearts and farts :)
And hubs just reminded me of Alfafa's downtown. I haven't been there in awhile but it should be good
definitely. 3 consecutive nights of cooking! That's big for me!; )
amare and boris diaw, pre-fat Boris, got suspended for leaving the bench, but doing nothing, after rob horry hip checked Nash.
omg I am praying for you in a major way. Cannot even imagine.
#Ireallywant a drama free relationship "A Cool Calm Collect Relationship"
I can't believe you schooled me like that in words with friends. Don't worry though, game 2 is mine.
you have like a membership or something ?
at Tonite - Crappy weather come inside...
was it about a sandwich?
wow Craigslist is poppin with braiders. I am not about that high-end salon braids life so thanks!
Breaking out the PS2.
I'm more in love with you today than I was yesterday
Sorry! You can have the next one.
Another Beautiful day here in the studio. Making hits. Very blessed to be surrounded by good people
Gonna go cry myself to sleep now that my self esteem is basically gone. Lmao good lordy.
you're a bitch
MICHELLE DAVIS IS THE COOLEST SISTER EVER!
Bet those bama fans are not liking Landry Jones. haha
RT : Bill Clinton is the big news but we can't overlook that Don MacDonald is also a provocative speaker.
Wx radio transmitters are up and down for most of SE Ala - text county name to 41212 to sign up for our free alerts - great backup!
Sometimes I worry if I were being chased by a bear, I would see a television and get lured in by its cheerful glow. Bear. Wins.
They should have shock collars that zappem when they get bitchy. yup
Tomorrow geography Test :(
oh there large,ha I wish someone would play with me my US tech asked if she could Grab my ass the other day I let her :)
#PeanutButter filled #Pretzel bites plus #Nutella =
I've had every shred of wit beaten out of me. Drum circles are stupid.
yea u did
Scary movie haha. So funny
Torn between setting up early for a show and waiting around to see if UPS delivers the new stickers first... hmm!
I'm gonna do what I do and do a damn good job..being single hm..what a concept
Awkwardly standing there while your friend talks to someone you don't know.
Yeah, I just had a grilled cheese for breakfast.
Treating Pain and Painkiller alternative: Sealogix Fish Oil www.5StarFishOil.com
Trying to decide what is worst: Morning Traffic or Rush hour traffic?
Who are all these nugus? Why are they so bad at doing musics?
Awesome! I hope I thanked you on my page as well, but if I didn't: THANK YOU! :)
There's something wrong with Southern turns of phrase?
If someones posts interests you but you don't know what to comment or are just too tired, at least click like. It's polite!
Whoa, , I'm thrilled as well but isn't this type of celebration saved for series ending OT goals, not early round 2-1 series!?
i don't sit still well, so i keep tweaking/re-injuring it. i need to get better at it. ugh. at least i'm no longer on crutches!
Yes, it slipped my mind, ok, Good Night, sleep well.
omg that's not nice imy
Always a possibility of a "write-in" candidate--up to two weeks b-4 election. Had impact once.
Peter Gelb should be arrested for crimes against opera.
Just cataloged a book entitled "Death in Early America" by Margaret M. Coffin!
Earthquake in northern Anne Arundel County
Beautiful weather today - Cloudy with a Chance ....Cute movie too! The Munchkings highly recommend it.
Set your DVRs! Western New York Heritage will be on Channel 4's By The People tomorrow morning at 6 AM. Not to be missed!
One and the same, my friend!
For the first time in a long time, u really sounded sincere... Should I believe you..?
Well played Michael Bay... Transformers 3= amazing...
it was important to let the dead weight cut them selfs off
RT if you have brown eyes
ooh that's rough!!! Don't think I could go too long without my phone
k but don't start until 9 so I probably won't leave until an hour after the usual time so I won't be able to take the bus withU
Damn!!!! Shaw got Hoops from flava of love?
omg I'm not sure but I'm checking right now
My brain hurts... /:
Is it still a song if its dubstep?
Watching on evening news
$25 gift certificate to for...! Congrats!
You said u wanted 2 be friends, so we become friends and now u want more coz I'm moving on..... O pleasezzzzzz lol
lol! Yes. She butt dials every time she passes gas, which is often!
Drugs lowers expectations. Thats why most bums are fine with their lifestyle
She luvs the way I pull it in and out
Recently made the transition from OSX to Wish there was more production quality imaging software. Otherwise its awesome!
I just signed up on twitter and all I see is dtraink?
Our Visitors Center will be open for Spring Trolley Shopping on March 31st!
THIS “: I should drive a Chevy because it will survive the apocalypse and a Ford won't? One word, Chevy: Bailout.”
I hit a lull with my car. Nothing happened.
Stains on the carpet and stains on the memory You with photographs pictues of trickery
It's awesome I still get new followers <3
Mother's Day weekend. Most everyone I know is having a party or going out of town...TeresaY
#MusicVideos on mute...some are better that way :)
I hear there's wet cement outside the offices...Rebellious art/vandalism, yay or nay?
I'M NOT EATING FAST FOOD YOU MUTHAFUCKAZ
PLZ FOLLOW ME (: I NVR GET NOTICED BY YOU GUYS ):
The workers at target r mean...
We're delighted to have writing her first post for us on being female, black, and Reformed.
where are you located?
Hopefully it's some hoe'x at tha fair tonite...
lol so true.. who knows... they might win once?
This is how you know your kid is gonna be a beast one day: The girl's dance recital is Sunday. She's dancing as Snow White. +
With the warmer temps, are you starting early on your 'spring' cleaning?
don't you live there?? Besides it might be fun and they have garbage plates!!!
oh goodness...i will take that as a compliment. When life doesn't go your way it provides LOTS of wrtng material as it's
Do you guys need a web designer? Your website is just an empty directory.
we're gonna be playing Brick By Brick in San Diego, CA on Oct. 26. It's a wednesday, so we know NONE OF YOU HAVE ANYTHING BETTER TO DO. 21+
we in Miami, La Bo Bo! Warmer better women no one in LA, but burnt up fried white girls lmao
Every day we make the decision through our action or inaction to protect our children or allow others to do irreparable harm.
Happy 1st Birthday to ! And many more.
Shiid everybody can see our convo,that's why I'm not putting ur kuz then everybody will see who I'm talkin too lol#secretive stuff
You are ador.
Heading to Chicago and Follett's New Leaf on Learning Conf. #nlil12 after a little stop for lunch!
Ripping my heart was so easy, so easy
Controlled, polite, and to the point. All in all...a very Hoosier debate.
Overeem: I want to prove to the commission that I am a fair fighter. I will not apply to fight anywhere else (other than NV). Absolutely not
My head hurts
just received CS5 suite for my mac! One advantage of being a student is huge discounts on software...although they don't make it easy!
Great tattoo session just hooked my homie up
Under the mistletoe :)
Message Me (:
PROT... Rumor has it FDA approval... Get in now before we hit $$$'s
Tonight is the night! We're bringing the rock to Dan McGuinness (Spottswood) from 9:30-1:30. Come on out... we taste like Snozberries!
is all types of sexy. He's beautiful. Oh, my hormones.
Thanks! Are you going to the Union v. Schalke game by chance? That's why I'm coming.
HI I LOVE YOU! OKAY BYEE x Pie <3 (:
RT : Good luck on the war on drugs
Much needed hump day stress relief from my fav Jewish pal. Much love, Herschel
I HAVE A DOG FOR YOU....PIX ARE UP ON MY fb ..REQUEST ME AND YOU CAN SEE THEM...
he followed me already!
in other news, my bracket is totally blown up! at least my final four is still intact...
LOLOLOL so many people annoy me, omg. But then I love so many people
#GoodMorning Most times the fastest way to get what you want is to not rush in after it.
don't start something you can't finish.
Would Tannehill not have been there in the 2nd round?? They let Sherman play to big of a role in that pick.
Well-behaved women never make history. - Maria Shriver
could someone PLEASE sweet talk that Marshal kid from Raleigh into becoming a tar heel?
Pleasantly surprised to see/hear DJing the opening night party for #aam2012 What a blast!
This nigga piss me off last night
& while you're at it, why don't you ask some traffic engineers why they build the streets so wide & let cars speed thru downtown?!
Best of luck in Bangalore RT : "if you can run a business in India, you can run one anywhere." #FoundersForum”
Perfect springtime combo. RT I see a tart flambee in my future, as a reward for Easter Egg hunt and long bike workout.
Politics pisses me the fuck off
Depends on the music file format. If the music encoding is compressed, archival compression (like ZIP) will do next to nothing
If this doesn't get you cooking (and bartending) I don't know what will! www.gojee.com (via)
Yeah email us some dates & times that work!
I dont wanna take the ap test tomorrow
I'll keep you posted.
I just won a million dollars from Or a beer from the fridge. Haven't decided yet.
We were shining like lighters in the dark in the middle of a rock show <3
SHOUTS OUT TO MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!!!!!! MAKE YOUR SELF KNOWN
I'm realizing being 16 has a bunch of responsibilies -.- Ah.
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 8 pounds so far.
Just had a flood of indie genre authors follow me. Hm.
ahahaha i know! thank god (:
. Love that venue! Enjoy.
So jealous of my boys for getting to go to Vegas this weekend. Have fun and don't die :) Love you
www.plugintogreenprofits.com/?id=3006 On how to get your $135 this is no joke, fyi
you know the world's going down when you're stopped from doing community service.
Everything is relative
that was my plan all along ha ha
No :( I wish you could've followed me! D:
Happy birthday ! Loved dancing with
Thanks for visiting! It was so awesome seeing you again! :)
Likewise! You and your fan are teh awesom. Great time indeed.
We've got #Atlanta's Ojeda Penn in the jazz building talking about his show at Loews in conjunction w the
how many verses? its puttin its socks n shoes on ready to go out the door
Romney will bring us what,a better america,hm. what they will not tell us to win ! don't vote fear.........
About to go on to promote solar energy systems. Our goal is 50 throughout District 8 for low-income homeowners.
A special guest will be co-hosting with & on March 27th! We will be releasing more tomorrow!
ARE YOU FREAKING SERIOUS?!!!
that's never good. Gb might take over like in the movies. Like spider man
Quite delicious, if I do say so myself ;) You should take a drive up to give it a try!
Yall should see Lil Mama on #ABDC , she must be Trayvon Martin
BREAKING NEWS: Chinatown Small Biz, Asian-American, and Community Groups File Appeal to 11th Hour Walmart Building Permits
We will be playing a Stout intro for TMHF2. Hurt somebody to it.
I hate going into Petco then I wanna take all the cats home >.<
People who can't hurt you phisicly, sure know how to hurt you with words
Yes, I had Joe throw 52 times in SEA. And 52 doesn't ring a bell to any of you Ravens fans? Well, it was to honor Ray Lewis.
does it have anti fog lens for sauna use?
Don't be a dumb vampire and kill your friends.
this is kaitlyn sorry i got tweet limit -_- so im using my little sis account
I've been saying this whole series the rangers need to put pressure on Holtby with a man in front. That's how it should've been all series.
Well, I imagine you'd tell him first. Have an awesome Wednesday!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms! You all have the hardest job of them all, respect!
I swear this bitch keep talking to me like she stupid all my anger guna come out
Miss them 2. Am ok. Starting my own pet sitting business & working part-time. Was in STL in July, was tempted to drive to ATL. :)
DM me ya email
Can Swiss chocolate make #grading less painful? We shall see ...
Happy Birthday Milwaukee! Celebrating at and with !
Fuck no mane
Jsyk my dad is google translating what makes you beautiful and hes saying it in spanish
Going to a party later :D
U can be the King (Boss) all damn day but when U don't understand Ppls emotions & Politics U R setting Ur self up 2 get served cyanide soup
really? do we get to eat it at the show?
Council tables Marks' bill to seek term limits for council members.
When I was little I used to think Miley Cyrus was actually hiding be Hannah Montana and I was the only one who knew..
": hey love" hey what's gooodie? Ain't seen u n a min.
f*ck the Best im Beyond it >>>>
This Victoria Secrets model looks like she needs to eat a couple of combo burritos! Not sexy...
Negotiate contacts w/ licensors that refund u for downtime not extend dates if contract.
You know that was user-error.
MY RUDOLF PIMPLE HURTS SO BAD.
vally or city side
Slowly but surely getting pissed the fuck off
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that can make you smile regardless of how bad you may be feeling.” u guys :)
If I seize control of the LA FWY, I can force every head of state to surrender.
are there plans & code that would show me how to make a bGeigie? I live fairly close to San Onofre & would like to help.
i bet u were =p
stir fry tofu and broc?
Three minutes and counting
This humidity can go away ANYTIME now!
: Lol tweet tweet back at u
Hey its Doc... I'M BACK!!!!! Better look out!
Yeah, right?!
mee to! we plaued when it was like 30 degrees!
Congrats to all #lawstudents who have finished or are finishing their last #lawschool exams this week. Hope CALI helped!
Ah, gotcha. Whatever happened to The Poor Man? I was on that blog in its earliest days (02/03), but lost track after a while.
I will try 2 live tweet from the hearing on SB 1291: Help Laid-Off Teachers Retrain to Teach in Hard2Staff Math, Science & Special Education
working on it ;)
Blake also averaged 21-12 against SAS this year.
Drums and rythym guitar done, bass today and well see what else we get done !!! What song do you wanna hear ?
I mustache you when this EP is being released
Thanks for your interest! Writing to answer people's most burning questions, if you have any specific ones please let me know!
Be on the lookout 4 my latest all #House #EDM mix entitled "I Put My P-JAYs On" Volume 1 on the 25th of this month & every month after!
“: Prostitutes in Spain have to wear reflective vests (like highway workers) to reduce accidents.”
you like my serious face? Lol
Love the owner of "I'll Have Another" wears a Santa Anita Park hat to Churchill Downs. That's a bit of a middle finger to CD or no?
#artpolitics attachment to the political is about how you endure in history. What affects get attached to attachment?
All the #Easter fun has made me tired. Lots of fun with family this weekend.
some of our supplies are on back order. Email us for details: austinfacialhairclub <at> gmail
Thank you to all servicemembers who served in Iraq. You are the reason its an organized, peaceful withdrawl from a free country.
#happythanksgiving Alumni! We hope everyone had an excellent day! The weather was excellent. Get ready for #blackfriday tomorrow
9 US States considering OK for right to carry concealed hand guns on campus... So many legitimate concerns. More Guns more accidents???
Cracked an egg on the Promenade just now and within minutes was arrested for littering.
It's awkward when my friends get up to go to the bathroom and leave me at the table by myself...
Ugh! I always forget to turn in the redbox by 9!!!!
Adam & eve don't eaat that fruit !lol
Thank you, Erin!
which guy exactly I've installed 3 times but they all good last time I went Paul did it. So how much you getting them for :))
Just Wanted to say Good Morning #TPlush and we love you!!
ONLY 9 MORE DAYS till you are no longer BRACE FACE! (: either way i like you just the way u are.
Come to Florida I really wanna meet you!
If main storm mode continues to point south of SW and SC WI thru Wednesday, might have to wait until the weekend for benefical rain chances
Hahaha. I can see the tweet. We also got some BOMB posters! (YOU JUST FAVORITED MY TWEET. LOOK AT YOU USING TWITTER AND STUFF.)
Could congrats on your record label I wish you well I know you will do great del
so glad u enjoyed the slaw!!! :)
Real talk I feel ya.
thanks, skeeter-make-my-heart-beater.
With Graduation fast approaching and with many speeches to be made, I am offering my services as a speechwriter to anyone who is interested.
Anyone else about to take the SATS?
thanks for clarifying, i missed it in tweetchat, had to go to twitter home page to see it! :(
Watching the Grammys muted with my wife and listening to our own music, makes for a much better experience.
I'm so CAUGHT UP! I don't know what it is<3 #Usher throwbacks
Me and snowflake are over! :,(
The Internet has been acting horrible since we've been back in August...really irritating.
They got 3 more losses to fix it. So horrible, but they just looked exhausted. =/
hooray youre online! everyone else is off getting indoctrinated.
Hello, leg. So good to see you without thread.
really??? Phones still busy??? Over 24 hours of busy signal! Only in Cincy.
that would be so awesome though! :D
'LET THE MUSIC SPEAK FOR ITSELF"
Lob city Win what a fucking crazy ass playoff games od crazy lets go lob city
good choice
The fans who really go hard for me > #TeamRomanZyion, Just don't know the things yall say the comments yall make are just priceless! #Love!
thank you sir!
Everyday is a great day to be creative!
“: You guys smells delicious!! Lmao (:” <3 thanks you as well! ha
It distracting me too much, so you're welcome :)
You're the bestest.
you know your in the south when the surf shop sells Confederate flag rafts.
Tell him his publisher says what up!
Should've been 12 games ago
it was an accident:/ you shouldnt have pinched me first and yeah yeah whatever..
Thanks to everyone who stopped by to chat with us at the V Twin Expo!
This my jam.
Thanks for the RT, Warren! BTW, do you have any cocktail recipes that use Verjus?
Common lookin god
they are a perimeter team. When the shots don't fall they can lose to anyone
SB107 Reality: Rental rates subject to change without notice. Deposits may fluctuate based on credit, rental history, income, and other ...
any news from the presentation last week?
That's for sure! RT : Easter: top 2 holiday in candy sales and embarrassing outfits :) #photoalbums. Have a Good Friday.
Yay! Just realized, im finally at 300! I really hope it goes up, not down. (':
went good! Decent weather and a lot of heart being shown. Some young guns stepping up.
Most of the drama that happens at school is the underclassmen, I'm graduating soon soo I could care less at this point
Columbus mass-murdered the native americans and now were better people and that we wouldn't be this advanced if they didn't
We're finally heading BACK to the studio on Thursday to record NEW MATERIAL, and be on the lookout for LIVE TRACKS from also!
Yahoo! Sports: 21-glum salute: Pictures of Emo Albert Pujols looking ...
Confucius thought that a ruler who had to resort to force had already failed as a ruler. "Your job is to govern, not to kill."
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU!
Thanks YouTube, for reassuring me that there are a million and a half other losers who spend free time watching old episodes of Jeopardy
excited to go check out 's event at Flux design in Riverwest!
" wow. Ok?"lol just saying..u ain't gotta be like dat
It's okay, I've become addicted to Twitter recently as well!
#SPRINGBREAK2014 CAN'T WAIT GOING TO FLORIDA!!! IOKFRKGE0WPSAL
MUST FIND THE TACO BUS!!!
Way to hyped right now. Primetime under the lights lets go!
Happy happy happy :)
I miss march, that was a good month
well...hello ;) -alexis
I forgot to put gel in my hair :(
Kut U Up reunited?!? i smell another Pop disaster tour
Giving this app Thirst a shot. So far so cool. :)
I hear the Tribe isn't drawing flies to the park even though they're in 1st. Howcum? Too early to wait for other shoe to drop.
Oh? I've run into a series of broken links to free installs on my Mac. The universe hates me, I think.
Thanks for giving credit where due! You may want want to change the ID on the <body> and mentions of REFRESH in the JS.
your an amazing singer :) and your awesome at the guitar :) and Thanks for the follow!
#MUCat The MU Cataloging curriculum summit begins with an informal discussion of the Oxford comma.
IN DA LAB 2DAY NEW TRACKS COMING SOON
We're taking a THX giving break. Rough Cut in hands!
that great backyard oak tree makes me miss Descanso Gardens.
There's really not lots of details. I thought hard, but couldn't make getting stuck in an escalator at Time dirty.
thanks for mentioning us!
Examining my morning news with a cup of coffee. Wishing for a relaxation day.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Do u think I need 2 wash my car. Is it that dirty
$10 a tweet would be good!!!
What are you working on with the course prof?
TATP should be up and running smoothly for the weekend everyone! But don't get too crazy... ;) Until Monday....
Ok no more procrastinating!
I guess I'll see what's going on since I can't sleep.
RT : I text you becuase I want to have a conversation with you, not to be pissed off & get my day ruined.
#bored #bored #bored #bored IM BORED! O:
BTW this could totally end up on ! Daley v. The Truth. Ha!
Friedman: always think entrepreneurial, be proud of your work, think with optimistic paranoia, act as if you are in beta
RT : “This is a test of lower order thinking for the lower orders.” The 1914 inventor of the multiple-choice test, describi ...
eww my first thought, pathetic follows close behind, with weird fitting in there as well, can't DM you (not following me)
People change, and i get that. But there's a difference about changing for the better, and then for the worse..
90 degrees today. Should I head to the beach?
Ha, I wish. This is the second time - I went for a few weeks last year. If only being a vagabond paid...
tour got cancelled. so whenever i catch a moment.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within the reach of every hand.
where the fuck are you guys?!?!?
HAPPY 2012! We have more work to do - lets make it great!
Packing for Miami.... I still think girls should be allowed a separate bag allowance for shoes... sigh...
Sam Riggs definitely a great up and coming country artist.
My knee still hurts. Really...
So far, no poop but quite a bit of sass.
The people mover!! We've heard that even Jesus uses that thing.
looks like a horse! I have a pet deer!
nah it won't even come off as that
A R I A N A T O R S TWET #ArianaDidAmazing <3
Other women they would seem secure, they're just as fragile as her
#TeamHeat #TeamHeat #Leggooo WE GOT A GREAT ONE VS DEM OLD MEN #BostonCeltics 3D LIVE ON #7CT WUT IT DO JAY SHIELDS
My biggest issues w/ Wayne, SB400 (more importantly taking responsibility) & not supporting Megans Law (before it was Megans Law)
so ready to go to Orlando...Miami is CRAZY!!!
When they say get em I'm get em.
And i don't even have a boyfriend
RT RT : Fdtn today; like what I'm hearing: "A high-quality educational experience is a civil right."
Mr. is a sartorial wizard. I expect he'll be a sharp(-dressed) competitor.
Lord, Today I pray for Honesty. Help me to choose my words wisely; speaking what others need to hear, NOT what others want to hear. #Amen”
Today in 1997, 'Marchin Already' by Ocean Colour Scene reaches
your hometown is what made you, you
Songs that say "F*CK". Listen to the bit "....A F*CKING MESS" at www.freekshowradio.com Sign up there for updates.
How does a mama pig put her piglets to sleep? She reads them pig tales.
So much for the revenge rematch in the NFC Championship game.
Home I left my damn charger in my car across the street -_- gotta go get it its dark
Fiesta withdrawal? We open at 9 AM - come get your hot air balloon fix! Check out our new exhibit Fun and Game in Ballooning.
“: Idc who you are, if you talk about my mom; You will get dropped.”
“Tremendous. Stat of the Day: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all batters in MLB history.” this can't be true right?
iunno, i just asked him to bring u today, he said yeag
Let's go Reds! I hate any team that has a cardinal as a mascot!
yeah I love cotto followed him since day one -don't really like Floyd - But it is what it is he is the best
If you're a guy, and you hug me from behind, you earn brownie points.
hell no :-P
Hope you are all having an awesome Saturday! We are heading to Old Hickory Lake in Lebanon to go boating and tubing with the kiddos! Please…
Happy Monday Folks
Remember when people had spare time?
Kris and Jon are officially dating.
im following you!!! Can u retweet my video please i would forever be your fan as i already am!
It's clear I don't value sleep. I scheduled my annual exam for 7 this morning.
That will ALWAYS be the case. No moral standing to say ANYTHING
Aw thanks! So are you for responding LOL love you on the show...
Hands that help are better than lips who pray.
What am I doing wrong? I just try and try and give and give and it brings me nothing but bad. :((
Yay! It's FRIDAY and all I can think is FREE! Hm, Friday-Free, Friday-Free...I'll get back to you on this thought!
hello sir
She kissed the Russian Starfire?
set a criteria and have an assistant deal with it :)
In a boring ass assembly
Boy Steve out here pullin that bitch!
Just found out im exempt from one of my finals...go me
All in all this is a pretty perfect weekend.
Just added it
I know :( I'll die. The only thing that could make this mothers day worse would be me actually being a mother
hooray! that was the goal! brownies + no meetings....
": Just bcuz I didn't announce it, doesn't mean I didn't do it." Love it, secrecy is a lost art
nothing really wbu?
Thanks for sharing your #ywstinks slides. Wish I could have seen your presentation in person.
hope everything is ok <3 :[
i loved !
Haha. Okay :) goodnight :) Love you! <3
Hey Ato, thanks for the follow. Hope all is well and your NFL draft guys did well this year. Maybe I'll see you in London.
This line for free Rita's is of Biblical proportions!
Night owls! What is up?! Let's talk!? :) how is everyone doing?
Awe your so sweet
Sittin up playing the #PS3 for now.
I was a cold dude, I'm gettin back to my ways
"Nobody satisfies me." - Ron Paul. Can't wait to see the videos that come from THAT gem of a soundbite.
Good night Mike.
glass cloud. Fuck yes.
I wonder how much $$$ does Memphis in may makes?? #No one probably knows.
if youre in san Diego take a minute and check out the sunset right now. beautiful
Call me ASAP
And now you've undone it all by surging through another great 10k :)
I can't stop smiling. No reason.
Let us know if you have any questions on the theming.
Are u kidding me INDIANA!!!!!! WOW IMPRESSIVE
To all the Moms out there - Happy Mother's Day! Thank you for all you do!
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
idk dude, I like the music but I just feel like it's becoming less and less about talent. I'm talking all music as a whole too.
Although those wishing for a full preview of can catch the show already Jan 13 - Jun 3, 2012
We're back: just in time for today's beautiful weather. Doesn't it make you want to begin planning your fall garden?
Even as you hear my prayers, O God, let me listen for the cries of others and show them your love. ~RT
We are always happy to help. Service above self!
Did you find the Matthew Luke Sandoval version of "Samson"? If not, I can get it to you; just PM me!
Haha. Exactly my point. RT : I saw 19-0 with a parade going down Chippewa to end it
Having I-94 closed this weekend was a pain... but I've got to admit it's really nice to drive on now.
Desperately seeking where are you?
Try their Spot Remover if you ever get blemishes. It is AMAZING!
up at 4. tv still on. off to cafe. my office.
Starting spring break strong
Love the show "gold rush"...I would pay Jack to read random articles aloud in his old timer voice
What a partay! RT launch party tonight w/ + +tones of great MKE bands
Life's meant to be shared. Keep close those who believe, support, love, motivate, inspire & uplift you on the journey to the greatest you!
Gmail is down - does that mean everyone gets today off?
: we may regret the move very much comes playoff time...
Terry's presentation on the wonk campaign was fascinating-hoping to see some of it in person in DC!
Loved this week's #Community spoof of Law and Order. Spot-on and hilarious.
Enjoyed working on #Bones April 17. (parole board member) -- great job directing! Thanks for having me!
Sunday Football!! If it's on we're playing it on one of our 50 HD TV's!
hahah yeah omg but believe me I kno. He's 100% single :)
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty
LOOOVEE THIS! 💋 can't wait to love u tomorrow
S/O Big Dawg Nick2oon to the CitiTeam Family
then you're gonna get the or else.
I dont have to be hateful, I can just say bless your heart.
What can I say? I was kind of a big deal. (I was huge in China.....Chinas, ME)
LOCK OF CENTURY U-CONN -5.5 to defeat Harvard ( too much talent are u serious as well blowout tonight)
when old ppl try to dress like us it's not swagg at all
Just watched the Parking Lot Movie on Netflix. Who knew an hr and 10 minutes of parking lot attendants could be so insightful.
Game Change 9pm on HBO:)
Today is gonna be the best dayy ever!(:
Then the websites will have the recipes, instructions, etc.
I've usually done a hyperlinked credit in the caption. Kind of annoying CC doesn't specify what is and isn't acceptable
Its a shame that both men werent planned to win MITB but Barrett was planned to become a World Champ very soon. SMH
Latin Verb amābō 1. first-person singular future active indicative of amō 1. "I shall love" <- not wrong nice try :)
hey a jobs a job. I've gotten suckered into buying shoes there before. Curse you!
And I meant thank you for being brilliantly funny.. Sorry the tweet was cut short. Haha
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
Bulls in 6. Done and done.
Greeks Head To Polls Amid Anger, Doubts Over Euro Future - Wall Street Journal
I dont chase no bitches , i just chase my dreams .
Wow, wow, wow, wow. THANK YOU. My day just got way better. My favorite letter is "W" by a landslide
did you want me to try and buy tickets today?
That is a fantastic show and have watched it since the beginning. I think you'll love it!
:o Susie with nothing to say!??! #itsamiracle :p
Nothing more satisfying than catching up with people you haven't seen in a long time 💘
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Harold R. McAlindon
did you get my message on Facebook?
It's 29 degrees out here. Ridiculous for
TWO campuses, TWO mission trips this August. #Raleigh is going to #DomincanRep and #Apex to #Ecuador! E-mail
Stayed tuned for behind the scenes pics as Pink Rocks The Runway Present's Christian Siriano Spring 2012.
Limited run - 7 episodes. Fingers crossed for it surviving for next season, but I'm not optimistic. It's actually legit.
I am still in shock that we got the Flyers in the first round. Gunna be some big can't miss games.
I need to work on being more optimistic. Every struggle brings newfound strength.
The backlog of unread/must read books has expanded from the shelf onto my kindle. How to keep pace?
I want to own a bar called Eleanor Rigby's just so I can have my ad campaign say "Where all the lonely people belong".
We've figured it's going to take about 30 hours of travel to get back to Nashville from Nairobi O_0
I vote we pay for his next transplant......a conscience.
Reread 2nd tweet of night. :D
Thank you- We're excited about the expanded capabilities and increased interaction with our readers! Enjoy :)
Going to Cirque du Soleil tonight! First time for me and super excited!!
RT Entitled woman to exercise private instructor: "I just came from the hairdresser so don't make me sweat."
home opener. I can come on and provide insight I am hosting KSR tomorrow. Tweet me what youd like to talk about
Another round to toast the life of an inestimable provocateur: Christopher Hitchens was a man devoted to the life of mind. Thank you, Hitch.
As of now, I'm going to see the Artifacts on the 20th alone. If anyone wants to go, it's a pretty early show and gona be dope!
Shower, waffle house, work.
Jacqua Williams just trying to live her dream
BLEW IT BOILERS. Heartbreaking.
Playing nba 2k11 and coach walks out in the middle of the floor while I'm starting to make my move
And also, what happened to guys talking to girls first? Like...I don't wanna message him bc I don't want him to think I like him again.. & I
nigger RT You know damn well I want some koolaid!
Iizuka hasn't had a title since 1996 I think.
That was nasty by durant killer instinct
The thing that I believe gets in our way is our ego. Watch your ego. Do not let it get the best of you by persisting.
Take it to the back seat run it like a track meet
Love my Mary Kay Lip Gloss ;)
Due to popular demand, PacificLiquor.com is now featuring brighter colors.
Besides Iron Works? It's right down the road. I don't think I've been to the one you speak of.
Mya Hatchett the lawyer, Autism bullied me by misleading the Federal Court in Pensacola and not telling them it was a real property case
Relax. And pay attention. RT “: This doesn't apply to me but what advice do you have for first time parents?”
Gaaaaaahhh!!! Are you on the bus now? Mine leaves tomorrow night at 6:40. So glad I have an 8:30 on Monday
Watching my Taylor play with a little 4 year old girl at the park.He's gonna be SUCH a great Daddy :) I can't wait to have a baby with him<3
Love is like a booger. You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it. ~ Unknown
Coconut Water is looking forward to kicking off the Long Beach Marathon Expo on Friday! Stay hydrated, Long Beach!
Time for lunch!
we're so excited over here about the Rangers too! we love watching the games at work.
the lob that westbrook just gave to KD though
Its been awhile since i tweeted!!
I know it is great sportsmanship to not scuffle during handshake, but I'd much rather there have been 20 on 20 brawl at end w coaches.
is it really 6:00??? WHERE HAS THE DAY GONE?!
Love! I'm a convert!!
Just bought some really antique stuff! I'm siked, and nerdy!
What a pleasure to deliver cupcakes to the San Diego Shell office from the Houston office! It's always nice to deliver a sweet surprise!
Start following for chance to win 1 tix to Structure:Data. Send us a DM or tweet "I want a Structure:Data ticket / #DataConf"
happy mothers day to my wife and mom!
Nate is sick, and his snoring is killing me.
trying to figure out how to travel the world and get paid for it. next stop...nepal.
Is it sick that I only tweet when it has to do with ? Oh well. I love her.
Don't go breaking my pretty little heart <3 ....
#replacebandnamewithbacon. Pierce the bacon O.o
I've got to pee
Has Walker endorsed Paul Ryan's Medicare plan? He endorsed Medicaid changes but seems like he hasnt given a straight answer
Just 2 of~70 things! RT : Astragalus&cordyceps r known as 2 of the most important herbs in Chinese meds.Guess what contains both?
Terrible! RT : Everytime my landlord comes by with people looking at apartments, I ruin it for him. Straight Stepbrothers style.
Would you rather have a satellite radio or a GPS system?
T-Mobile offering free phones/tables on Saturday Feb. 11th? Boss, wifey and I are eligible to upgrade.
"Taste of Hollywood" is our new quick service picnic meal for #Fantasmic. It includes a Dining Package ticket for the show.
So if I have the right numbers but they're in the wrong order do I still win?
Happy Easter!!!;)
I want you back
Awesome! Driving? Room in the car? Help driving? We managed to forget about til right now and SAD.
did you see episode two of TB?
Cam Newton is better than you think and so is the Arizona secondary... tomorrow will show all.
if you used really or very or kinda unique, i would. but i'm also plenty sloppy on social media.
Please add Lost Girl another season too. :) Loving every minute of it! :)
gonna be performing some Much Ado About Nothing tonight tomorrow Saturday and Sunday woo hoo!.
particularly with regard to important individual posts. -
This is absolutely ridiculous!!! I need to go back to Raleigh! I would find this cream on my first stop at a cosmetics store!
Thanks a bunch to those that came out today for the Social Entrepreneurship event!
Teach basic defense 1st by playing the ball w/bounce back and forth in pairs. 1st contact: defense, 2nd: set ball, 3rd: attack
RT : Save the date: The Heart of America FDN Charity in Chocolate Fashion Event! 4/23, 6-9p (#CLIENT)
CEC opportunities, white papers, podcast, webinars. Things they can access on their own.
In Dungeons and Dragons terms, I'd peg Santorum as "chaotic evil."As for Romney, definitely "lawful evil."
Tired af ready to go to da house n take me a nap 💤💤👍
Eli is hitting his prime run right now, I say get him a sick No.1 WR, aka Calvin Johnson type, to line up with Nicks and Cruz. Add TE, done!
I read on Kobo, Nook Color and Sony Wifi. The last two are best for PDFs I found.
damn that's so true dude. if maxx was talking more i think it'd be a bit better
It'd be cool if I could just fast forward to my birthday
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Kindle Fire, Full Color 7" Multi-touch Display,
Really! You are asking me that at 11 o'clock we've been in the same room before & you've never asked why now, why today!?!?
im good. i told your mom you guys need to come over so we can go swimming. would you like that?
Football concussions: Midday on Health, today at 1 pm with Ravens doc Andrew Tucker
thank you for the kisses ;) lol
Insomnia sucks
I keep running into the problem that students don't believe I work here, or they choose to ignore I work here.
My great birthday: Two naps, fun with Daring Adventure Baby, and early dinner in Porter Square.
Great adventures with the cast and crew on the I AM GABRIEL set yesterday. Mike Norris you are a nut.
How soon will wireless operators run out of capacity? SAN FRANCISCO--Will the nation's wireless operators run out of spectrum within the
Yes, I agree 100%! I love The Bangles rendition of that song!
Thank you so much for the #FF!
See you soon! “: Right there with you! I'm so excited also!”
thanks for writing a really cool blog!
I love <3
Open Book: Stray Love, by Kyo Maclear - National Post
Princess Diaries :)
Plaintiffs arguing mayors hostility is not permissible reason for government action.
#cheapeats RT Special: $6.50 "Tavern Lunch" Bar Cheese Burger & a pint of Trumer Pils (toppings extra) Manager Brew Special $2
if you ever make a movie about ur life.. look us up because we have been told by many that we look like a young bruno mars :)
Need a good bike fitting. Prefer someone with phys therapy background. Any thoughts?
have you tried them cold? Pretty good:-)
thanks for shout out
ooh, yes we can do that as well. What did you have in mind?
Now I want to go to New Orleans next weekend. Who wants to go with me?
can I convince you to stall 30 mins tonight???? PLZZZ
Kelly Clarkson has it right..."What doesn't kill you makes you stronger."
Go Badgers!
Saturday evening #supermoon stalking photo shoot meetup?
And I am a recovering Catholic so that's amazing.
. is thanking supporters here in Homewood after her primary loss to Cong. Jesse Jackson Jr
Let's go heat
we dont sleep we been up ! lol why u up ??
If you're doing V Day date night, don't miss their red velvet layer cake! It's a special for the lovey holiday!
yes i do!!!! lolz and you know why applejacks :3
Delicious self-made Greek salad from our cafeteria. You? :)
in good ol lexington man, chillaxin. you should come up here sometime.
I have made $37 since 11 AM. Paid $25 for parking and spent $15 for lunch. So I've lost $3 since coming to work.
I am so lost
Ratings weren't good, I guess. Networks are cut-throat haha.
Chicago couldn't take on the Heat. This is our House!! #HEATNATION #LBJ 27points #MVP . Lets Go! Haters where you at!?!.
Thanks for the tweet! I hope to attend ; look forward to seeing you there.
Aladdin's Lamp Book Store Going out of business sales in June - Arlington, VA 703-241-8281 - books, puzzles, puppets, Baltic amber jewelry
The love that Justin Bieber fans have for him is unreal!! *i Want My Fan Base/Follow Base Like that*
I Am Already A Fan, I've Been Following You Ever Since My Manager Told Me About You... Lol...
Really excited for lunch today! some co-workers and I are going to for their work week lunch specail!
#madmen LOL = Roger dancing
2nd attempt at this wireless fence training #pray4me 🐶
But I'm being good! LOL
Im watching! You guys are hilarious! I love you guys! Follow me?? (:
I know yo history u ain't on shit!
What, it's in your basement, so you get in free? What shit is that?
Happiness keeps you sweet. Trials keep you strong. Sorrows keep you human. Failures keep you humble. God keeps you going.
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY
Pizza Hut pasta is indescribable
creativity put into every scene, every detail !!! Amazing
Whoever invented the snooze button, I want to shake your hand…in about 10 minutes.
o daughter your sharing a lot I see...
Post your favorite memory of The Chairman of The Board!
News Rory McIlroy brimming with confidence as he heads into pre-Masters break DORAL, Fla.—After signing for a 67 on Su
Don't envy the judges who will select the winner of #pittbigidea. How will they decide?? Great pitches. Congrats to all!
I just need for this last load to dry so I can take my ass to sleep!
#FSEDM is thinning out the herd w/ a damn fine app. Egg pics go first...see ya :)
So did anyone go out and see '35 & Ticking'? What did you think?
People may not realize this but I am one of the early creators of the fusion sound.
Fantasy research. No off season for me
love u.
wow! i fineshed! Whoever i followed <3 you!
Visiting my old pals at the armory!
Well, at least that's how my conception of it is forming. Certainly the voting public is equivalent to a WWE crowd.
Way to go!! *cheering loud and proud!* Great job. I cant wait to read it.
It was great to see you!
This time she blogged unnumbered thousands
A little warmer today with a high of 56°F. Do you like riding in mud? Our mountain #bikes sure do! Rode on!
Hey Brian! How's it going?
😁😁 yikes.. I've been in T Hawk world lol Congrats!! 🎉 Definitely gotta catch up.. Where you livin?
I'm hungry again.......lol
Wow, way to go Green Bay D. That Indy score took all of barely over 30 seconds.
Just arrived at Dulles to be picked up in a Mercedes.
Denial. First stage to realizing you have an addiction.
Heading to the cape for the day.
Everything went great! lets see wht happens(:
Let's see. Probably abt $1,000 in repairs on my RV & my new phone still doesn't work right. It's just an all-round great frickin' day:(
I hear you and I agree! What's your fave cake? Mine is Reine de Saba - my hubby makes it on me birthday.
Apparently you live longer if you drink 4-6 cups per day. I'm not buying it!
Squirrels can climb trees, pit bulls cant.
I'm wondering if you'd be up for a Battledecks session at Seattle Creative Mornings in May. Interested?
In my 20s I thought I knew everything. In my 30s I realize I know nothing.
things are totally coming up Kaelan - how about a #hawks win to top it off?????
idk! Why? Is fun happening?
RIP #MauriceSendak, just taught kids to perform the stage version of Where the Wild Things Are at yesterday :-)
last i checked this is #America i dont have to do a god damn thing.
I rather have it and not need it then need it and not have it!! #Clever ✓
I hope u do too I am blessed to be able to go to these games
feel better! Its new years eve tomorrow!
Project kick off today for a system-based eLearning curriculumn. Not how to use the system (clicks) but what to do with the data displayed.
how about Laika in honor of the first dog in space?
I think I am going to have to hit my "secret" Targets, like I did for #Liberty - this is #missoni maddness!
Nothing but a bunch of BS!
I'm going just need 2 no when I had 2 get out my bed
ah that sounds fun! kendra and i have a viking festival to attend first. come to poulsbo!
bye CEBU...hello CALIFORNIA...
Ok why can't I follow anyone anymore?!?!
makes me proud to be a hawkeye
Done!!! RT : hey follow me back? #teamfollowback I followed you(:
A drummer is a musician's best friend. (from a Martin Mull album)
Oh! iPod with headphone buds in AND a blindfold? Clever, Christian Grey. Clever...
It was a baseball kind of day....weather aside. #cubs! #sox!
a little disappointed. just ended a gr8 support tech support call. initially thought help was robot & was super impressed.
"SADNESS IS A VICE" wrote Gustave Flaubert, sounding eerily like Jenny Holzer...
Ready to kick off the season with two big concerts.
host says Escobar confused and was not suppose to bunt. Toast was playing for two.
So does anyone think it crazy to get up and go to the gym at 530am before work?
Gold worth more than diamonds? RT : Gold is one of the only things on earth that has true value. Worth more than diamonds
This is going to be a hot summer.
those smells always bring back memories for me too. Like when I visit my mom and walk through her barn and tack room :)
Running into lots of assn execs managing virtual offices and hope to find more resources on this
Geometry iss lamee.#who needs it
#Surgery Tip: If you have any doubts, seek a second opinion from another well-respected surgeon.
your welcome:)
its real easy if you understand soccer I would love to have you play with us cost is 45 to 60 depends on
I'm with you!
feel hysterical about the exam drama few weeks back...
...along & just love the whole show.
A New York state of mind.
ok live it up!
is that a Linkin Park track?? It's kind of a bet, kind of a present!
is getting ready to head to Spotlight Comedy Club to see Aaron Foster perform.
"I think my problem is, that my coding is good, but my game sucked."
Three game 7's in two nights.
... You bet your bellbottoms. Just gotta make it through work tn and I'm home tomorrow!
haha, only you.
Doing a show with my good friends The Crawdaddy's at the Pretty Prairie Rodeo saturday the 28th! Should be a good Time!!!
Have you ever started randomly grinning about something earlier that happened, only to realize you are looking at a stranger while grinning?
Smoked out, flying solo! Me myself an Mary ol green Ass lol
It just hit me that I'll be living in a different town in a week. whoa...
RT : Congrats to Roll Mobile's own for being named one of the Business Journal's Forty Under 40! ^bd
“: HOW ABOUT THAT BULLPEN??” What a relief! Hahahaha
Why kerry wood! Why in the world would you retire?!
so good!
I'll pace him :-) RT : No worries that will be part of my weekly ride anyway.
“: Still buzzing from last nights club life party !! I had such a great crowd to play for!!” was INSANE!
Zimmerman never said "I am sorry for killing your son!" That's remorse! Not, "I'm sorry for your loss!" WTH!!!
First Georgia Children's Advocacy Network (GA-CAN!) mtg of the yr at the Loudermilk Center. More than 35+ advocates/groups here!
The hunger games has to be the best movie.! I recommend you to go see.!
Straight up! #KushCampers2012 RT : imma make smoke to all of songs lmao
Omg freaking whores need to stop following me cause I'm definitely not going to follow a whore back
that tweet is a little... odd.
your nose looks so beautiful and natural!!!! My dad did an amazing job! hope all is well gorgeous!! xo
Time to get creative at SheaMoí Naturelle!
Welcome to the fold...
it's understandable for u 2 b a lil scared but its fun! Atleast go and if u wanna do it, do it, if not then don't, u kno...
I never knew what all the fuss was about. But now Everytime I see the burger king commercial 😍😍 yes please! 👍
We gots to do our own thang!
love your pic!! Is BROOKLYN in da house!!!
Working on a new pool house concept... Activity on "accessory" buildings is up a lot!
Record number of employers & students at our career fair tonight! Record level of tiredness from this advisor. Still, an exciting day!
School is hard.. Getting tired.
#CHUCK wit the TACO MEAT!!!
no problem and thank you for asking how I've been to lol
Good for Chara in being able to play at World's. Just not sure I understand taking on more ice time after 196 games in the last 18 months.
they're the best
Hate these type of mornings!
I love you
Remember when TW were on Elvis Duran and he tried to be all multicultural & use the word wanker in a sentence but he used it horribly wrong
Tonight the better team is decided not by the team with more runs, but the team with a stadium roof.
hahahahaha!!!! Best word ever!
I wish the dollar store had a gas station :(
Kayak, I hate you for emailing me about Vegas vacation deals when, for the THIRD year in a row, I haven't been able to go to #bisc >:(
Today my mom taught me what a bumbershoot is... True story happy early
Sometimes all you need to heal something is time.
I wished I can just go back to how it used to be .
Happy thanksgiving !!!
If you are experiencing a session of depression. Pay attention to what you are telling yourself and start again.
Thank you, I really appreciate your support.
Mariah Carey released a second Christmas album last year and this is the first I'm learning of it?! #OhSanta!
I will be preparing the exhibit space today and hanging the show tomorrow. "Pinholed and Obscured" Sat. 3-10pm
If you were a song, we'd have you on repeat too :) Thanks!
this is a cool spam
bomb avi ma'am
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
oh lemme guess u had to study huh?
curious: do you have a sort of network across the states for dogwalking/petwalking services? sounds like a lot of fun!
Liter Night at the Anchor Bar!! $6 Liters, $5 Jager, And $4.50 Bacardi Drinks... Come in for the best bar in South Tampa on Friday Nights.
Anyone who loves KPOP/Korean culture-follow me :)
ayye that's wasssup. I was smokin herb today wit ppl and chiiiillin.
just celebrated three years with your girl Alpha
Sounds YouTube worthy Brennan & Nick! :) Hoping to make it!
me either.. Last year it was those dumb zhu zhu pets which surprised me.
On my way to find lol gonna c him hehhehe cant wait(: and i will upload the pics and videos!
Pipe down you two!
#StayAwayFromMeIf you hate
God speed to that great American
Stop means go
I almost spit out my drink reading this
Absolutely not. You lost not only the Internet with that tweet, but everything.
figures! SF seems to think that way a lot and then fails to follow through. This town could use bigger everything!
Thanks for the mention! Loved your set - hope to see you back in Pittsburgh
Accidently sent that tweet from the wrong name the first time! Whoops!
I think there were roughly the same number of voters who sat out on each side. And I fundamentally disagree re: his platform
Let's get #WeAreMarquette trending!
Am I the only one who freaks out when I hear rumours that Cody Simpson has a girlfriend?
why do niggas always think girls are stupid like foh you the only stupid one its a shame
so excited for 11.11.11 to celebrate the birth of my love and his arrival into his late 20s
When people think they're the shit because they don't try in school. I'll be laughing when you're flipping my burgers in 10 years
irony of Steven Tyler singing "Dude Looks Like a Lady" is so overwhelming it hurts my brain.
I get home and there is gumbo and apple pie!!!! *holyghost stomps* y'all don't want me to shout in here!!!!
Awesome! <3 you!
As C. Barkley would say, turrible
Why was the last 5 minutes pixelated on Directv?
BRING BACK BIG JOHN!
When the Thought of Attempting with you Crosses My Mind, I just see a Big ass Yellow Sign that says "Caution"
I want you & all #Marines to roll up your sleeves! MT I am the 99%, and I want to roll my sleeves, dammit!
How in the WORLD does Mike Turico get to question Andrew Bynum about HIS behavior and HIS judgement? Scandalous! Ridiculous!
Wait, you're not working for are you?
If you love your #fantasy #epic, help us out and RT indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
Watching some real cool jazzmen - faculty from Mich St U - working it out. Sweet and mellow on WHUT.
nice trick!
Thanks ! rt "At Indigo salon for the grand opening with ! One of the most beautiful salons in San Diego!"
I'm always down.
Your welcome. I am at my follow limit. Will follow back as soon as I am able.
I thought it was just me. That show is painful to watch. LBVS
Very good example of how nation-based structure affects movements of players in cricket's labor market
is anyone left at 30 Rock and Building 25?
Everything can contain beauty but beauty isn't everything :)
LPM is doing GREAT Things with Scottsdale BGC!
Looking forward to Scandal, yes yes yes!!!
We take the time to learn about the needs of our clients and prepare a schedule that will make you feel comfortable
it's the designer water!
How can wartime tactics of interrogation be scrutinized under civilian and criminal law? I was under the impression that wartime called for
;D so whats up?
Heading back home to Atlanta. Miss my awesome son & beautiful daughter in law. Oh yeah and my big ole german shepard, Nana!
pretty sure it as the pharmacy not god for this one. It is not in the bible, you see.
buzzed and dancing around the house, lol
First up, Ed Helms and his Lonesome Trio (Tree-o?).
Thanks same to y'all
It's worked wonders for me. ;)
I could maybe brighten your day (; lol I wish..
here with the economic development table.
Thank you !
Wish I had cable so I could watch the #phillies tonight.
Teddy has to win tonight, right?
They better not take Shumpert to New York Downtown Hospital. Rob Stark'll hold him down while they Game of Thrones his leg off
no way-- are they still at each others throats?! That sucks! Oh well, sounds like a win for you!! Whens the date?! Loving it!
Good Morning, just sent you a DM
you at the game too?
looks amazing.
Members of House Finance move into "explain my vote" speeches on #coasset. Two Dems so far will vote yes.
The Florida school system is so FUCKED UP! they need to get it together, im trying to get my deploma & all these EOC's are stopping me!
awesome show the other night man, good to see ya again!
If im wrong I dont wanna be right
something that'll teach him a lesson.
where u heading to sirji?
Keep us posted!
Is Ronald Reagan = Jesus Christ?
thank you!
A poet?
Present company makes me want to stay
Your a homo but I ain't complaining
Thanks Amanda, I'll try!
Brown eyes, I'll hold you near cause you're the only song I want to hear
Fun fact. Gena Rowland from The Notebook and many other movies, was born in Madison, WI. Crazy.
ordered in Thai food, tinkering with the internets, and now to devour a stack of books.
"STOP LOOKING AT ME, SWAN!"
professor PDA is actually adorable... 💑
A friend wants a CMS that is *not* designed for blogging. Told him you don't have to use WP for blog, but he still thinks it's too bloggy.
SP lowers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac senior debt to 'AA+' Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.
Siri has taken Genevieve as a host body and from now on will speak on her behalf
Thank you!
Perfect is the enemy of the good and leads to the deliberate manufacture of misery.
Good Lucks in yur competition :D
do you have a Facebook page?
Also shoutout to my lil cousin who's going to prom tonight, have fun and be safe! :)
"what happens to you doesn't have to be who you are," Bertice Berry.
“: If you appreciate her, love her, and respect her, I can almost guarantee that you wont lose her. #GirlFacts”
Sorry to hear about your handyman mishap and glad you are ok. Hope everything gets gutter!
Getting back into it. How's my favorite Dork?
HOUSTON: THE GHOST INSIDE w/ First Blood, A Loss For Words, Deez Nuts, Hundredth, Myth & Legend, Floating Man TONIGHT @ ShadowPlay Lounge!
#AFS11 more podcasts from ! www.artisanancestors.com
Just had the worst news of my life. I can officially say that April 5, 2012 is not a friend a mine!
To be asked of every product - is it interesting, and is it legible?
Uninstalling Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007....taking over an hour....Why??
fuck wit me when u touch down
dont correct people's grammar if you dont even know past tense and present tense -_-
Well, my life has changed dramatically. Brought my parents to Milwaukee to live with us today. The circle of life.
Told someone in the elevator that I was from Kentucky. She said, "to be honest, why would I ever want to go to KY?" I wanted to slap her.
So proud that I am finishing our taxes a day early. ;)
": Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots."
BtoBSocialMedia: 10.5 percent of CMOs say social marketing efforts are effectively integrated into their overall marketing s
haha fml!!! i'm going to come up with some excuse
you should be tweeting us in French Jane! How is it going over there? All bets is still asleep!
2 exams down, one more to go, and move out.. Then summer!!!
Brees "Sproles = Bush"...takes a lot of value away from L. Moore
new to twitter nd mo followers SWAG
Thanks for the mention, Jeroen -- glad to hear that the ideas still have some impact (12 mos is forever!)
Faith Without Works Is Dead!
Thanks for the Twitter shout-out! And for tweeting the story :)
let's go agian :b
All followers; please head over to follow as we are no longer monitoring this account....thanks!
it means what it means? idk. its not important.
halvo on shalvo: "that's how it goes"
lol looser. Elana better come back to life. Omg
Oohhh come on !!!
I dont think I can do that.
How was the publishing process? did you DIY or find a publisher? thanks!
“: Mushroom & Foie Gras stuffed Quail with Pork Saucisson & Buttery Lentils” Yes, please!
#wewantromo even if tweeting it gave a tone of people tweet limit.. lol
UC football IS mediocre
<< No dirt.... all angels and amens!
omg. I love baby feet. Happy mother's day! Enjoy your nibbling!
yup just got back from Georgia this morning
Haters & hoes make me laugh! (period) them ppl make me laugh on how hard they thinkin' about my life instead of theirs!
Next Fri #NYE Fireworks on the roof w/the beautiful Sarah Chapman at
Really want to get to know
my fav is ill communication
Finally used CS5's Content-Aware feature for an actual project... WOW! Saved me hours of clone stamping!!!
ya rough morning but im good now thanks
Man I went to the welfare office today with my homegirl, and maaannnn, hhhhhoooooeeee train!!!!
AGAINST ALL ODDS
Ryan Tannehill back w Mike Sherman
Do you work Thursday?
I care! That's awesome! I just saw my uncle perfom ther on sat. Have a great show!!
#3WordsOfAdvice Just Be Yourself.
-- but it will have taken java a long time to get real closures... esp considering the pizza compiler had them ~10 years ago.
“Things may come to those who wait...but only the things left by those who hustle.” Abraham Lincoln
Facebook chat fight? #ghettoaF bitch you don't know me.
Let's make it fair then
my TBR pile: Books of Magic, Heartless. Then Dances with Dragons and Ghost Story. What a great month!
that is painful to watch, no matter who it is.
What&#39;s Next For Elizabeth Warren?
Thanks to everyone who attended Mix 'n' Mash! We had a blast!
Thanks for helping me get the word out!
Let's go Badgers!
Jeez chick! Don't show up to youth group looking like that! Put some clothes on!
I got a new headset and its too tight so I got a headache.
I don't think it's normal for families to fight as much as this
: "Reinventing mobile gaming and education for kids?" I mean, while we're not overstating things...
Ooh, that does sound lovely! Will have to find a spot for it on the old day planner...
Stop looking in the merrier merry! you'll get your self all horny. hahaha.. lol
Currently reading The Beginner's Goodbye by Anne Tyler.
see him sometimes at the mall. w/ all the other lawyers. talking abt price-fixing the broadcast/cable tv :30 spot rate
woah, meta, you're all dressed as hipsters.... ;-)
My cousin is getting married June 2, so we'll be in town that weekend. I'd love to try and squeeze in a drink or two with you!!
Don't you get a little excited for those all-important Kevin Millwood starts?
right to talk to about this. So if you ever read this please follow me back so i can DM you so i can talk . tbc
hey are you a porn star???
Biting grass shoots: Dog in icy puddle Tasting Spring.
Is watching an idiot pour gasoline on a fire.
Shy persons have the Biggest Heart in the world.
doing work man! hardwork pays off!
Chimpflix from Casey Rosengren W'13 helps movie theaters fill their seats and make more money
totally!!! Just had the same conversation with someone that we are finally on track to have a great summer of great movies!
when the moon seems to shine like you had too much wine, thats amore
Did you know that we now have Sororities and Fraternities on campus? See what is doing to spread the gospel!...
In the chippies and salsa isle at trader joe's and thinking of any salsa suggestions, cady?
Biked 20 miles, ran 3 miles....now if only I had access to a pool.
really interesting ideas (like 'impermanence' in Buddhism), utilizing vids & stories 2 illustrate complx topics, &...
Another great dance by Donald Driver! Way to prove those judges wrong!
Lauradowding.com! check it out :)
Awww feel better!
mccarver was arguing furcal/weeks glove theyre wearing on their injured hand should be banned bc it extended their reach
Haven't messed with Google+ in awhile. Just logged in. The last 10 people to add me to their circles are men. Strangers at that.
show is coming on east coast time!!!! Luck friend!!! We are so proud of you and so excited to watch!!!
Tomorrow's selection Sunday will determine the #Aztecs seed in the NCAA tournament.
hello how is life treating u.......Can I follow u
i wish i could know what vin is REALLY thinkin right now.
MT : #CNI12s panel: National Status of Data Management: Current Research in Policy & Education, Mon. at 2:45 with &
Gotta a photoshoot all set up here! What a great Birthday!!
God I love him(:
me++ for using the word 'queue' in whatever context I feel like
Hi, Nora. I hope your presentation goes well. BTW, Really enjoyed the Creative Hubs piece on this week's episode.
Who mentioned Butterfingers? I freaking love those things! a coffee shop where I grew up made the best BF milkshakes
What is the proper protocol for driving around w/a mannequin in the backseat, do you try to make conversation?
pretty sure Yankees blew it just to irritate red sox nation
not trying to poke fun...sincerely, when has he batted 2nd?
Our bassist just made a twitter so follow him and the rest of us that have a twitter!
Looks like tonight by the time I get home from work, the sun will have gone down. I am whipped!
Tea and toast! I'm turning into my mother- thank goodness! Couldn't ask for a better role model
RT : You can't make a perfect painting. We can see perfection in our minds. But we can't make a perfect painting. ~ Agnes Martin
#Trump calls GOP field (other than #Newt) "Jokes"? HUH???
Every minute in the United States, six people turn 17.
Happy birthday to my other little sis !
yes it would be!!! Maybe we set our sights on #140NYC and have the ultimate meetup in Bryant Park over a Chipwhich
Thats not my twitter name..... And why ??(:
Finally made it back home!
it's the weekend! AND it's SUMMER?? hope you're all having fun and drinking plenty of alcohol! it's good for you ;D
Carefully checking the mosquito net over my bed. I think my hunter-killer mission with a magazine was successful but...
The GAB is now reviewing issues with signatures in the Walker petitions.
oh man I'm guilty for that one. So true though! Haha it's ugly!
be careful with these statements whilst in the middle east. Don't wanna get too prescient
Can't stop watching Supernatural! LOVE IT <3
I already got you beat, and just like everyone else, yo ass is just trying to keep up...Pina has a bias...unfair
Being sick sucks 
Thank you for the congrats!
#IWouldNeverEver sell or buy a fake bag!! 100% authentic.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down
so do I it's meeting the Jonas brothers or having them tweet to you.
Been listening to "This Way Up" all day in antcipation of seeing you tonight! Love the new T-shirts too on your website!
you may resume the torture of your genitals
At Freret Street art market in uptown nola listening to some good tunes and supporting my local artist friend Colin Ferguson.
What is being done to "Build a Better #ROC" - tomorrow at 10 on Eyes On The Future.
"Wee" love hearing that!
Thanks for the advice! I'm also trying to get the zone map data.
I can't drink coffee period, I have high blood pressure but I need it.
why, dick?
Black Friday Shopping? Gift Certificates, T-Shirts from the Steer In.
that is actually a great idea! its a great chance to get to know your fans better! follow me i <3 you!
Good-morning FashionHearts, We were made to be courageous. -PD
I hate to admit it, but Im a sucker for Romatic Comedies.
Now hear this, my mother is now on twitter.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
Subway coming to Rozzie Sq.?
Marketing Tip: Make sure your contact information is easy to find on your website
Having a total #fail during Toastmasters Table Topics. Must get better at on the spot creativity for difficult questions!
..In the world?! Considering you've been around the world I'll take your word for it :) Cant wait to ck it out some time.
jeff i like your coverage, will miss it when Sun tries to ateal $100 a year for it
I love Xmas time and I'm hosting the family party this year. Now I just have to worry about gifts and food.
Not gonna lie. Not having a DVR upstairs is like watching tv in the stone ages.
#follow , our gorgeous chief designer
are u starting the first season?! Did u finish season 2 of skins?
tim tebow to BUFFALO BILLS, anyone agree?
Robert Sklar was a real Mensch. I will miss him.
Transitioning from part-time freelancing to full-time is an overtime job!
BLAKE ALMOST DIED ON ME!! I was gonna cry my eyes out!
right here
This year seems Valentinier than other years, for some reason.
its not a scam. Quite the opposite. Google us. Just launched to the world. 400+ retailers
Mrs. Beasley: yummy rubber bands don't taste like chewing gum.
Your argument is invalid.
you liked it?:)
WH talking point: "we make it absolutely clear that we are talking about civil marriages & civil laws. This isn't a federal issue"
"You don't seriously think you're perfect, do you?" "Not on the outside, not the inside, but in my mind." sorry. but I'm perfect, k?
mine seem fine...
I miss you too sis :-)
im at a bachelor party right now fuck pizza hahaha
let's get it!
EQ is not "soft & squishy." It's a physioligical response. Recognize that, and learn how to stop, oxygenate, and seek information.
RT : really north carolina? first cousins but not gay people?! i just threw up a little bit in my mouth.
Most of the audience is still standing
Pure quidditch excitement!
Global warming? Nah!
i was down there tonight too harvey ! ate dinner at the old fashioned !
So finna listen to my ipod
Thursday night is movie night! Come down & keep warm inside with a movie on Van Gogh and a hot toddy!
So maybe it's Irish/German/Nebraskian/New Yorkian?
Contracts about up! Back on the job search.... I wanna go to Cali!!!
LOL Screw People
Haven't tweeted in awhile...TWEET!
I think she was supposed to be blonde.
#Brady on my fantasy team makes me forget all about the horrible #Patriots memories I have...
I'll be on NY Nightl News
n don't OMG they are a lot u need lots of patience
Took the official out.. I can't be official since Trent doesnt have a Twitter.. don't want to get on any Cleveland bad sides!
you knnow im so in to do that.
If you really love someone, don't just say the words.....show what you mean.
I think you know the answer to that.
The Ready Set in L.A. Day 2
Great lunch at Craft & Commerce w/ girls, & Sarah of ! Loved chatting all things SD w/ gals in the know!
The biscuits at bojangles get bigger everytime!
OMG. I SPOKE TOO SOON HALLELUJAH AMEN THE WORLD IS A BEAUTIFUL PLACE
Water main break in Bernalillo forcing schools to close at 10am. Busses will run to p/u kids
cookies and twitter always make it better.my day is going smoother cuz of twitter.its been a rough 2 days.monday will b worse
You are our go-to pizza from now on! admitted to losing our order after 1hr 30min.
Night 2 of waking up at 2am for no reason.
#CelebsThatLookLikeTheyStink Newt #Gingrich- he looks like a pig one can assume he must smell like one as well
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 20
When im mad I can't sleep
I hate when skinny people call themselves fat just to get compliments
Hahaha ok thx, deal. that would be funny haha
daenerys the mother of dragons !!!
I don't think I can handle another year of this shyt seriously. I'm tired of this shyt
Can't sleep....
The Masters has consumed the Yeager/Walker household.
My mom bought me tickets to the wiz khalifa and Mac miller concert today! #happygirl😊 now I just need to find people to go with me..
check out the new site. www.bestpractice-llc.com
The Capital Grille is always a solid set up for a chain deal. #steaks #drinks #party $DRI
My phone just got back on ima call u around 9, cause im typing a paper right now!
Of course! Let me know the details
Social media is a way to gain valuable insight on a museum's audience- info that can be used to sustain relationships
chose simple nooks in order to get the most ereaders into students' hands as possible.
Just Pray Hun, Im Sure She Is Fine.. All We Can Do Is Pray God Will Protect Her!!
So I take it you'll concede that point to Heller in turn for the excitement of Braun being cleared?
dude we gotta collab! I want some killer clown in my songs!
Thanks! Shared!
#ItsHardTo - look right, at cha baby! .. But here's my number, so Call Me Maybe?
Twitter SUX tonight!!! I am not being notified of my mentions. I accidentally FIND em in my TL. Smh
im so tired yet, i cant fall asleep
is poised for movement.
@ the rate we're goin...we need 3 turnovers from D!!
#Why Do We Always Argue Bout The Same Thing ???
Biggest upset of the night was no corny Jim Nantz description of the winning team
If you've been craving a lecture on the Ghent Altarpiece (and who hasn't?), I'll be giving one at the MAG 10-12, 10-13.
lucky you, wish I could do some shopping right now. Stuck at work all day.
absurd! We've been teaching our young since civilization began! It doesn't have to b so complicated!
Jordan I told you to stop eating that crap! I vomitted in my mouth just thinking about it. YUCK
Fatass obese scum think they are something in this world. How cute.
Count on it! RT : You in? RT : #Thrillertruths Real friends help you hide the bodies. REALLY good friends...
love this song!!!!
#ijustwannaknowwhy people start college and give up - education is the key to your future success.
hurry up with my lunch
You must begin to think of yourself as becoming the person you want to be. -David Viscott
My brother, Dr. Daniel Begel, is the founder of the Sports Psychiatry Section of the AMA. .
Have fun in NY! Post pics!!
looking forward to quasi-real food tonight! meatloaf, mashed potatoes, peas, rolls. yes, I still have to eat soft food
smoking on that reefer got me higher than the tree top..😚💨
how do politicians/government officials lie/hide truths as much as they do and still sleep at night? Maybe I should buy some ambien stock
Getting my hair did
It could be really, really bad. On the other hand, there is probably 1/100 chance that it could be good, too.
I&#39;m glad my bf loves real sport Football. Basketball is wack..like baseball.
"Joe Campbell never metaphor he didn't like," attests
PROVE IT!
that was yesterday FYI
my room is the perfect temperature right now.
( April / 19 / 2012 ] Is Almost Here BabyGirl <3 One Year , ( With Some Childish Break Ups ) ONE YEAR <3 #TeamCOMMITTED (:
I think you mistook me for someone who is legitimately upset that they canceled a shitty TV show.
Here's hoping Baton Rouge experiences a huge spike in gas prices very soon!
Tell em' steve dave is coming to cruces! Road trip!!!
I'm glad he's doing better this morning. <hug> How are you holding up?
The final day of the Walk for Children's Health is about to begin. We will travel 23.5 miles today.
A dime a dozen holds true for most things in this world but when but loses meaning when applied to true love -Kiera Condon
It's not offically the holidays until you go on the Annual Luminaria Tour through Old Town.So grab some hot cocoa and check it out!
Congrats to client and friend on 3 year deal with San Diego!
RT : Colts Want PK Adam Vinatieri To Be Their Kicker: All indications during organized team activities are that Colts p......
I'm a nerd.
WHO SUPER GLUED THE *^&%8>& TOP OF THE PICKLE LID ON???? I freaking want one and I can't get the top off.
Where's the gov bailout for books? RT : Our hearts go out to all of the hard-working Borders employees who love books. =(
thanks so much!!! 😊
that's the first video I ever watched. :o
n u know this man!!!
"Something for the fuck of it...I ain't with the sucker shit | All the bad strippers got to greet me with they government"
O's playing hard!
if you have a choice go with the iPhone.... Unless you're really accident prone haha! :)
Thanks for the follow Sara. If you want any promotional help (such as an interview) let me know.
LMAO nobody noticed either huh???
did you go to gym. I forgot
Ha “: Born ready RT Beyonce will be on today. Not entirely certain is ready for this jelly.
Repeat after me: threadbare leggings are NOT workout appropriate pants.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how your mascara holds up.
I imagine its difficult to write properly when you're hugging a keyboard and muttering "I'm a good journalist..." over, & o
not tired, god damn
“ ugh I hate her too”/ A lil ghetto riot.
Send Flowers to ya #Workplace!, like its yo birthday !! Just to just to put a smile on ya face!
WAT DOES A GIRL HAVE TO DO ON TWITTER TO GET to follow her............. RT or reply for any tips
Happy birthday, ! Hope you're having a great day!
Good question... you should ask him!
Any suggestions on what sites to see? We have kind of a free day tomorrow. Can we do something cool and free?
Said Waldershare, 'Sensible men are all of the same religion.' 'And pray what is that' ... 'Sensible men never tell.'
RT : It's nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around.
Keepin it real is how we roll :o)
If u have no other reason to go to work than to make $, odds are your company's missing its Why , Mission statements r essential!
At the CO house show puppies will be provided.
My friend & I once twittered quotes from our favorite teacher RT "He liked his chow, ol' Thomas Aquinas..."
yeah he still has pictures, :) I actually have a England jumper, its nice! And I watched #KOL in Tulsa, OK last April..
lmao but it still happened rightt? Like the bj part
: did you know that I am now always running towards you?
they say online on many sites sony flagship player to come out around april may june the latest is it?
1983 Flashback: The King Holiday was signed into law today. House passed the bill 338-90 on August 2. Senate passed October 19: 78-22.
You look gorgeous lady!!
If you don't like an exercise, start doing it. You're probably avoiding it because you're weak at it.
deep breath
Co-sign. RT that Sendak obit is probably my favorite I've ever read from them. so great.
Dawning of a new era! Maybe things will turn around when I get out there, too.
Wtf. Why am I still awake?
So which team will the World Series postponment help?
when we hittin the tattoo shop fam??
Good morning Sunday, so bittersweet! Wish I could get the weekends to slow down, especially around the holidays
5 days off!!
not all ways true i am a marine there is a zero tollorance policy but if they want to keep you they will seen it many time
bet that dude is stunned he lost a hand for the first time since 'nam
Almost 2,000 COM followers! How should we celebrate when it happens? Give away t-shirts with reckless abandon? Yes, that sounds appropriate.
Finally read that article in depth, so which one are you battling now so I can help? :)
yup Ms. International 😃
It walked on my pillow!
lol you thought that too? :)
Where will #Wade & the #Heat go from here? WWW.ussportspages.com
NO! It Was The Bestt!! Excuse Me, I'm Going To Go Cry Now):
Today in India: I saw a man in a three piece suit on the side of a busy road urinating. He smiled and waved with his free hand.
Merry Christmas everyone!! #GoPackGo!!
All need to be in lockstep! RT : successful biz must align their core goals & objectives in cross-enterprise collaboration
17 Jan 1775 Res. of Fairfax County Committee: This comm. do concur...that a well regulated militia…is the natural strength...of a free gov’t
Enjoying Shiner Winter Cheer for
You can have the good doctor, someone's gonna have to fix Jayne :-)
Thank you babygirl! We just sat down in the theater. :)
Colorado #Avalanche dynamic forward now tweeting.
Hoqw the hell did I end up at the alderwood mall?
Super stoked to be attending Veterans Writing Retreat this weekend!
depends on if there is a cymbals solo.
so i wanna see a pic of you with straight hair js
Starships by Niki Minaj just came on and it reminded me of some guy from school he is so funny
if happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
I'd rather eat the cookie dough , than the actual baked cookie . ♥
it's too bad it takes you at least a year to get around to my suggestions.
???! Thanks for following!
me too yo!
oh damn.... im on twitter again
cool. Atleast your have someone to hang out with. And stay busy.
We sell 100% Silk Dupioni fabrics Visit our website WWW.FABRICSNTHINGS.COM Best Wholesale Prices
They aren't perfect, but we continue to improve them and build out their functionality
Afternoon Classes: Monday to Friday 1:00-5:00pm..Totally 20 hours course for per week.
What is a Capiluto anyways?
oh yeah :)
Say what? cmd-M doesn't minimize a Chrome window anymore?
can u email that pic to us?
- for buffalo wings on Superbowl Sunday :)
Don't let the cold keep you away!! We'll be open all day! :)
my hairs a mess, college life i tell you! i wish i had hair!<3 can you say BEAUTIFUL! :)
ok! thats my next pay day -- thats why I choose the date :) I'll remind you.
just mybe they have twitter and know just what you think of them or is that the point of this?
Good' Night I Love You too.!(;
AND they are under no obligation to give it #seniorcitizens #scams #aging,
RT ": The people that you love the most are the ones who can make you cry the hardest..."
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
Interested in checking out the #OGStudio? Open Hours today from noon to 4, Monday 830-1130am and Wednesday 7-11pm. Stop by!
No niece of mine will EVER be a poodle in the making. EVER. Nothing wrong with poodles, but that ish ain't for her. SMH
I love metaphor the way some people love junk food.
i know just let him live his life
maybe can you send me a resume
hey, are you guys down? I've been having problems accessing your website? I can ping it, but can't see it in browser.
Wake up and smell the #flowers! Stay tuned to see what we have in store for you...
By The Way! It's Day 15 BABY!
The Derby is today....
I will check it out. I'll go on your blog. My net is acting up for 3 days now. :(
follow too
nah man im radiong this shit
a #healthysmile tip from Kravitz Dental: Replace your toothbrush every two to three months.
Meeting: what value does this buy us? 'It's like kissing a unicorn while sitting on a pot of gold'.
Best head shrinkers in town!
Oh nos! And is in Ohio now, you can wave at each other from across the state!
I just saw the BIGGEST spider I have ever seen in my life. I thought it was a scorpion or some shit at 1st. NOT here for it, Richmond! -___-
Love when a researcher asks for the impossible and less than an hour later, without trying, the impossible has been found!
Our Mr. Gasket Yellow and Green Powder coated Stainless Steel Radiator and Heater Hoses for only $5.00 each is almost gone.
Still up can't sleep!!!!!! :/ #EpicNight lol
Royce got a good bf she betta keep him he is so sexy lol!
On their way to 1000! Follow ----> nowww
Psych-out album of the new millennium available at www.nasoni-records.com for a taste listen to tracks at www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Dogzy Collars is setting up at the Pet Parade on Third Street South. Event starts at Noon. Naples, FL friends come visit us.
Who's going to Jazz Fest on Saturday April 28th?
AYYYYYYEEE RT : I got that swag for the next 2hrs
YAY! How did it go? Did they bring tomatos?
Stay tuned within the next hour or so for our Sean-opening podcast on tonight's exhibition game.
you just stop talkin sweetie?
i understand, Roger from American dad is my soul-mate
thanks girl!
Barrera: The solutions are obvious and have been available in DC and Sacramento for years.
"My students be amongsts the rocks!"
until thay see me on t.v. or sumthing then they will be like hey i know her....!!!maybe im an undercover famous person
or weird.
I hope Everyone is having a Wonderful Thanksgiving!!!!!
"A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion.....POOF!!!!
The best closer ever will be back. So happy his 1st ballot HofF career doesn't end like that.
To all the new follower, thank you! I follow back.
what's wrong man
Guilty until proven innocent.
thinks it's sad she has to put on her glasses to look across a restaurant while waiting for her dinner date.
Oft used: Thank-yous
SO much going on this year! Global is just the tip of the ice berg - but an AWESOME tip!
Schwinn Tourist Hybrid Bike | Schwinn Road Bikes
Just connected the dots. The random tall kids that come over every other weekend & on holidays are probably Tads.
"North Carolina Anti-Gay Marriage Amendment 1 Reportedly Written To Protect 'Caucasian Race' " #huffpost Oh, so THAT'S what it's about!
I'm about to... I'm about to wreck her like how you wrecked that dude
its cool bro the 76ers r too the got 1 on us so Wat Smitty we really no watsup
Key can you PM me your email or phone?
yay! So excited to see you on Wednesday! Looking forward to hearing your new music. I can really relate to some of it lately. :)
Oh well that's good! :) It's always good to have a good attitude about it! ;)
To love what you do and feel that it matters-- how could anything be more fun? ~ Katharine Graham
Hope everyone is enjoying their day! Happy Thanksgiving!
Eternal Flame ... For Our TweetHearts!
Setting up for #hubwork! Can't wait to see you today (bers!!!)
My dad stole my gummy worms UGH!!! I thought I hide em >.<
So as you ponder the future and your possible work in Lat. America, be encouraged by someone like David E. Davis. God bless
I JUST WOKE UP. I fell asleep doing a practice SAT.
I call it 'tough love'!
love that sketch.
Oof. So full of paella.
Sleep flow
Born and raised. Nice to virtually meet! Let's keep in touch. Would love to hear more about your work.
Last night's SNL is killing it so far. Usher's definitely doing climax next right?
boy i wanna freak you right, been a long time i been missing that body, turn the lights out when i go down its a private party
" #BrandJordan is again sponsoring Alex Thomas Celebrity Golf Classic. Save the date July 9 in LA"
That's what I been on
dude i cant even sip water...surgery at 945 #bottleinmycloset lookin prime
Amazing people deserve amazing things happening to them. Wishing you a wonderful week.
Tonight we've got bingo starting at 7!
Thanks! And good suggestion.
Beyond tired and wit it only bein 24 degrees....I REALLY dnt wanna get up!
And you will!! Just stay focused :) You have all my support cuzzo! <3 you!!!
Learn Chinese for the day: 棕色 [zōngsè] brown
I will NEVER EVER fall in LOVE,why do fools fall in LOVE????
Clairton High School wassup #SCRSCReamTeam is the building lets get LIVE!!!
do you really?? can we meetup tomorrow?
Gunna sleep mad god
Flex seal Is liquid redneck lol
God loves turning our "why" into "why not". He knows all things.Trust him.
Heading Back Into the Studio Now After Rockin' all Weekend.
i'm sure we will find a way to incorporate a bromance. Don't hate
I hope so it all starts tonight. I think stars step it up
I remember following Kayla back in 2010 when she was a Bieber account, lol.
Some people spend almost all of their money on drugs, alcohol, & cigarettes. They are addicted to all of that,& they are often troublesome.
If you knew better you'd do better
An old Korean man just gave me a tip o' the hat on Wilshire. Made my day.
.... :) .. a begrudging yes is almost like a no … thanks
Has everyone been reminded a zillion times to spring forward your clocks tonight? If not...Spring forward your clock tonight 1 hour.
"I don't watch hockey" please keep your opinion to yourself then.
I know!!! MT I'm shocked that a group of hotel owners voted 4 a plan 2 make someone else pay 4 their Convention Center.
Thanks for the opportunity to serve. We appreciate your business. (cc )
Thanks Kali, hope to see you soon!
I am with you, beer too!
I don't remember the last time I was this exhausted! Let the vacation recuperation begin!
i got amazing news with no one to share it with... =(
Will this be available to the public soon? Is it something I can write about for a Hispanic Education mag?
Lost sentence regurgitated by albino pigeon: “They would stay the night, but on their own terms, in your pajamas, in your bed.” Anyone lose?
Watchin freedom writers
SHOT OUT to for ALL your entertainment needs they do it ALL...FOLLOW THEM
Nice bulb. How about warranty of this item? With so many LEDs, heat sink is a problem.
You're most welcome!
same..ugh
Oh. Well then! Guess I've got my evening viewing :) Thanks!
Ate a "world famous" steamed burger... And it was not the business. (with Will)
Thanks for the #FF!
you run in those academic/artsy circles, where folks said "meme" before "meme" was ubiquitous. the rest of us lived fine w/o it.
They call me Racked up shawty- Meek Mill
Saying "Tho" Or "Though" At The End Of A Sentence Always Makes The Tweet Sound Better Tho.
What;s the worst experience you've ever had at the dentist? Please share with us :)
Woke up wondering where my homegirl Ryan is...Got alot to talk bout...RC come out come out ;)
do not assume more downloads = more readers. Long form is a slow burn. I have Gutenberg the geek queued up.
No matter how much you prepare, you will ALWAYS be shocked at how cold the toilet seat is in the winter!
And Brian too! Happy birthday! RT and it's brian's 64th!
I don't know what makes the bigger statement: that I did that or that I don't regret it.
Happy Valentines Day everybody.
is it worth paying $ for a domain name that hosts a digital artwork, if, on average, only 1 person a day looks at it?
a! playing like stupid girls hahaha
I'm having Taco Bell for lunch and my office is looking at me like I'm shooting up at my desk.
Stocking up on alcohol. A bottle a day keeps us fucked up in may!
I'm hereby launching the YOGO movement. You Only Get One. Don't say YOLO more than once...a lifetime.
Thanks for the follow - We hope you can make it out to all of our amazing events this coming month!
Factory reset #DroidX ..ugh. Still noting lag in photo app. Others? #Gingerbread 2.33 non-rooted
#cnndialogues impoverished are an untapped asset. We lift them up- everyone wins- audience participant.
I was over here singing some Whitney Houston Songs and I woke my mom up singing I will always love you and saving all my love..! Lol
You know your legit when the printer makes you sign a release on a photograph you took on your own
I'd guess military ID plus DL (even if expired) should be fine. I'll check w Mr. Google.
ok guess they wont haha good luck and wish you the best out in cali
can you marry me......this is a serious question c:
RT : I'm not a music-while-running person. But I'm blasting the Beasties this morning for my run. Sabotage!
Polyphony H.S. Volume VII has is in the graphic designers hands! mid-August hot off the press!
I'm doing the color run in Dallas next weekend!!! White tutus :)
he was JUST over 2 hours ago. I was in a good mood :c we'll work things out.
Nada, Taste of Chi. I am TOO awake for this hour.
Great 2 days at the Getting It Done II Conference in Chicago. Can't wait to bring these new ideas to the neighborhood.
thank you for watching this while I am at work
What does everybody think about new #Vikings Def. Coor. Alan Williams? The Colts have had a surprisingly better pass defense than you think
Thanks for following us, APA! Meow us at Plush this Thurs.!
slay one for me!!
Join today for free post highlight tapes from YouTube and photos today create your player profile get more exposure for free don't miss out
Merry Christmas!
RT : please help spread awareness for #RyanKennedy who is a 9yr old boy losing his battle with brain cancer. It his wi…
i love you (:
Expect nothing less. Sew u at camp Eddie. RT : As usual #Brewers 3rd base coach Ed Sedar gets biggest applause in staff intros.
no, unfortunately. that's a mistake in the listing.
Why doesn't anyone DM me?
I hate admitting that I like Lana Del Rey
omg I'm nice to you Jenn! & Manny, of course I'm nice to you :))
school :S
RT : Chat w LJ’s Brian Kenney @ 1:00 Networking Lounge: Patron Profiles can support #pub lib decisions re: collections,...
: I've seen enough! Get LeBron in the gym and teach him some f*cking moves with the ball! (Some footwork might help too)
Wishing you and yours peace within and love above all. To those celebrating today - Merry Christmas.
Thank you so much for the RT! Can't wait to see you at #CHIchat tomorrow! :)
Ikr?! She so does
Good morning y'all!!
Nite twitter bout to get some sleep 💤✌
Reading breaking dawn <3 cant wait till the movie comes out!!
I missed u! What u been doing?
I saw the post on Kathleen's Facebook. Small world :).
RT : The Steel City Ghostbusters Club (complete with uniforms, gear & Ghostbuster's car) will attend the May 4th screening
#LMSunSIG accessibility: this is scary!
The Captain probably had something to say about this....
No! Resists its demonic wiles!!!
right back atchya.
Hi thx for the welcome to twitter! Next time I have an opening... Feel free to send me your resume :)
It's too hard to resist!
Well, I kind of don't mind for some minor occupations. Like background checks on people working with kids, elderly, etc.
beautiful day!
RT : The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. -Mark Twain
RT : RIP Coach Wooden. Lived strong for 99 years.
We know it's NOT "Does this make me look fat", "You don't make enough money" OR "I am too fat"....
Good Night :)
Volunteers up early and ready to help :)
When people have a new 'love of their life' every year. LOL @ YOU! 😜
thank you very much! it means a lot, and there are a lot of stories I'm looking forward to doing!
I was hoping to catch them as well, but unfortunately it didn't happen.
300 DOLLARS FOR A MEET N.GREET TREY SONGZ LIKE HE FINE. BUT IT'S SAD
Extraordinary event right now @ woolly mammoth w/carnegie mellon. proud to be on board of the black women playwrights group, the co-creator!
Chinese food for dinner , yeah baby <3
Thanks for the shout out. I like the idea of kids sharing their sports experiences with their family members.
I am so ready for #summer #bikinis #tans #swimming i could go on forever!! ...<3
What a relief when it's someone else's error - and it can be fixed! Yay!
oh god, i know the feeling.
you're mean
Friday (8/19) is World Humanitarian Day...what will you be doing to help people??
but you're beautiful
scary read about chickens. I am just appalled at what food producers can get away with.
well im waffles from gs.. but call me JAKE
How about if they win an award?
Im on one!!
A cool #Anywhere5K in Cary, NC 00:22:59 Good luck to all the other runners this weekend
Today was ahhhhhhhhhmazing.. Thanks to (; he followed me. <3
what's good
lol wow! Caps announcers are ok :)
what's your timeline? I'd be happy to help in any way I can.
No! I said I was done with females && here you come with your cute sweet talking axx. Hmph! lOl!
Watching 'Last Call' in Hollywood!!
#chucknorris While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
Can not wait for New Years Eve. It will be the first time in a year that I actually go out on a date.
RT : Guys, Never lie to her. Trust me, if she finds out, you're fuuked.
me and my friend paulina are gonna sing in choir tomorrow infront of the class if we can tomorrow! we are practicing :D
Ugh hella tired from work :/ someone talk to me (: i feel like talking to people (:
Amazing diving catch from Megan Harris in right puts Hokies down in order. Still scoreless after 3 complete innings.
: Good read on the play. Just heard Shaq make the same reference.
live tweeting Yanks v Mets..for starters, the bonehead Mets fans finally noticed they have a Shake Shack - the sole reason to be a Mets fan.
excessive posting gets an unfollow.
Love is like a butterfly; hold it too tight and you'll crush it; too loose & it flies away.
Listening with your entire body is a special present moment awareness practice. We learn so much when we truly listen
Hahahaha. Yes. Because I don't go crazy when he's not there, because I'm an awesome girlfriend 😌
Agreed. I jumped from XP to 7. Windows 7 is nice, I've got to hand it to them.
Hah, oh right. Your Kenya post got picked up by Alyssa Milano -- who oddly enough is a big deal on Twitter
If anyone is talented (musically) and you have material, send it to us. If we go out of our way to find you, you're special.
It's true-No FamJams for Summer BUT we'll have FamJams-Type event in November to open RiverRink-I'll keep u posted!
58% of a city's success is related to talent - as close as you can get to a silver bullet.
New York Rangers are 4-0 all-time at home in Game 7s. That's all I got for today's game.
this is a valid point. But I... damn, I forgot I was supposed to be outta your mentions! *facepalms*
T NASTY... THINGS I LOVE TO HEAR IN MY DAY TO DAY!!!
Join us tomorrow from 12-2 pm for a free lunch hour concert with Martin & Asha Saville!
Cute guy, wonder if he goes to my school.
<< Ig bitches will be bitches
i love the PANK. Great mag! Glad to be following.
if any of my FB friends have a Twitter follow me on there i dnt want any more surprizes jp
That awkward moment when you hear your own voice on a record and wonder how you even have friends.
Sleep time :) 13 hour shift tomorrow woo!
Where was Brooks Conrad when this happened?
hey sexy <3 you be lookin mad d0pe in that Twitter pic of yours (; get at me?!?
Fun Fact of the Day - A bird requires more food in proportion to its size than a baby or a cat!
“: "old people click, young people like". Period. #pasummit”
My former employer was petrified of #linkedin #facebook #twitter - - - I shared your article w/ others still there :-0)
All done. Don't fuck with me.
I unfollowed you cause you were tweeting about the thunder who I can't stand? lmao.
How's it going New Jersey?!(:
how's he a bitch?
I'm so happy! Today has been such a good day, my God thank you.
Brewers, next time you have a scoring opportunity please don't ground into a double play. Sincerely, Aggravated Fan
Seems like everything is gttin worst
i freaking miss my ex.
Rock, this would not be a good time to steal you jack ass
Username >>>>>>>>>>> Your Existence
The Lakers, Portland Only has 3% chance of winning today. Takers Lakers ML -150
Book - What's wrong with my vegetable garden -
I'll cut it for you!!!
My mom's phone is possessed.
im gettin on
yea I haven't seen em either. I wanna make a crazy colored pair.
: we can hoop -- what time
This song depressing.
Whoa. Wtf?! “: Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.”
your welcome! &cant wait(:
Feliz Navidad Naya! Hope you have a wonderful day!!
Great idea for everyone. RT : Marnie Webb of : take an hour a day to publish what you know
walmart got rid of all fabric and yet they still find it necessary to sell john cena shirts. seriously?
Monday is apparently not my best day of the week. Maybe some chocolate would help?
TWiTTER iS BULLSHiTTiN, CATCH Y'AL LATER!
in the vein of Do you see that as feasible?
HEY IM BEING NICE WHY ARE YOU OBJECTING.
u can bite me anytime lol
how could I not every media outlet from E News to CNN talked about it
Flipping through channels. Came across a documentary titled "Shania Twain: a story in..wait what is a shania twain?"
in the age of endemic simulation and simulacra, fake it till you make it?
Who do you think is the most underrated band??
Why yes, I am quite creepy when needed.
You gotta be following us if you want to win a Free Beer Party!
I Cheated On My Fears, Broke Up With My Doubts, Got Engaged To My Faith And Now I'm Marrying My Dreams...
Trade Wade for a serviceable point guard and high first round pick and draft Davis lol
because yolo.... And someone told me avicii would be here
she, is fine as hell
 Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit 
Giving away Noah's Ark tickets all afternoon on KISS FM. How sad is it that I've never been there! LOL
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise
i wanna get out of the school -__________-
hahah nice, only in the south right
the award is for setting a new event record...
I'm working on a Lutyens inspired interior. He said black is "conducive to magnificence" and I tend to agree!
You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership. ~ Dwight D. Eisenhower
Im so over all the partying and craziness now. I just want to cuddle with taylor forever. Lol
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Gautama Buddha
Teen helps fight deadly HPV in Tijuana | 123 Trend Blog
Get ready 4 The Sour Patch Stand-up Comedy Show this Friday at 8pm only at Studio! I'll be performing as my usual cute self.
in my jammies already too ;p
should i go to bed????
yeah you need it.
thanks congrats to u too, ur going to Clark right?
was requested by someone in room
Rondo is either a complete bonehead or a complete genius. Right now, he's the bonehead.
Obama has done nothing or very little to improve any of those "issues". Also, you need not make this personal.
i cant wait til next wknd
I can't look at you the same anymore
That's because you are a small town NFL reporter who couldn't hack it in NY remember? That's why you were wrong.
What partner?
I'll take the blooper.
Working on Chris Corls promo for his #Honda Prelude!
The weekend in PHX is going to be insanely beautiful. Cannot wait to have you here!
My friends and I might have performed it in front of our whole school.
LOL! Just don't mess w/ my fountain or garden & we're fine!! (Been going on for a year! Not taking it anymore!)
Shoot for #comachocigars today til 8p in downtown Orlando. And the #magic play tonight and I had to turn down box seats, boo!
i don't treat em' i don't love em' i fuck em' with muh vans on.
If you want to be successful, you must surround yourself with people who are where you want to be.
I did! That song is good. Idk why I never got into them, I think it was Jonny Craig...
Why is this day going by so slow! Omg
Make sure to drink at least 3 cups of unsweetened green tea a day! It cleanses and rehydrates your body :)
Props to whatever culinary genius created Dominoes Pacific veggie pizza. Yum...
hahahaha yes (: that'd be awesome.
I love It would be sweet if I could dial 1-900-mix-alot to order my next one.
Ugh this. ": I always regret eating mcdonalds"
Loovvee the smell of weed
cant wait to see my long lost love Nicky hass yay :)
Don�t let the noise of other�s opinions drown out your own inner voice
...sure are only post my tweets no repies or retweets...
Henry Cotto is fighting Mayweather? Awesome! Ole number 28 was a favorite!
Got it. Thanks!
In short, cooties.
hi how r u
I'd call Jacoby's catch an Andrew Luck-y bounce.
I just saw a couple episodes of Doc Martin with Louise Jameson, and she's awesome in them too!
I don't love Castle, but anything with is good enough to watch.
no way you took Missouri to LOSE
my ear hurts :(
Sooner than later.
OOH -_- How was your weekend? ^-^
Breathless strip club with my niggas
Told it was a 3.9 #earthquake that started west of #SanJuanCapistrano (Very close to #LagunaBeach). Not clear how far it stretched.
Don't you wish subway would deliver?
Gary vitti looks like Bruce Willis
“: No regrets, just lessons learned.” favorite quote thanks nick peel
hilarious Pumpkin Booty Man
And I couldn't figure out how to open my freakin locker. But other then that, it was great!
Someday I am going to walk into a Carrabba's Italian Grill, flash my ID & say, "my family owns the place." Chianti for everyone!
Mean Girls oh snap!
cause unless your actually bowling, its boring... Lol
YUMMY:D what kind of pizza?:)
Awe snap! 😍 Gonna be a great weekend, and I'm so glad I will be able to spend it with you. Lucky boy right here. 😁
but its beautiful *innocent little girl voice*
if we'd dance high school musical i'd wanna be troy. definitely.
State testing starts tomorrow with reading... Then later I will have math, 2 writing, and algebra end of course.. 0/5.complete..
much appreciated.
it's pretty much the same thing so it works haha. But I've done that before:p
Get organised and create more bench space by ensuring your small parts are neatly stored by partnering your bench with a range
we do? Where is it? “: Do you know #Chicago has a neighborhood call Pill Hill?”
The library just emailed me saying Fifty Shades of Gray was available for me. Even free, do I want to waste my time?
Q: What's the range of a tuba? A: Twenty yards if you've got a good arm!
with the Cow as one of the stops! Come watch them complete the Cow challenges while enjoying a cold one. Giddy Up!
I really admire your art work!
^Poojah & : ^Scott was "great-fwd" w/help. No frustrations @ all considering advances in
Don't you hate it when you visually can see the article you want from memory, but can't remember the title or pub name?
Winston Guy just got drafted in the 6th round, Pick 182 by Seattle.
Royals. I can't.
if Bobby Abreu can find a job, so can you. Yankee closer job just opened, but as a Dodger fan ... complicated.
Where in Florida are you from? Aw, I always go through my Granny's jewelry box. Haha (:
I need the link to the MoneyMay-Cotto fight asap.
THE VINNY VIDEO!! Sorry i had to record it off my phone {gettho} because my email is acting mean but i hope u guys like it
thanks 4 the RTs & 4 every cool/fun moment I know I'll have. I'm sure opening night will b rowdy & the best yet-Great film list!
so now I gotta go to the doctor...greatt
lol we did ok!
thanks, Fi!! You are so sweet :D
#Gulati par for the course in world football, probably sold us out for $ in our own WC bid.
how does he look?
YOU?! US....like how do you handle a situation like this..
We do! RT : Who wants to hang out with me this afternoon.. Just had bbq chicken and 3 sides of beans from
Ah nice.
Any word on when in September the final season of #Fringe begins?
miss you more
thats cause u wasnt looking hard enough
Early Season Bass Fishing on Eastern Connecticut&#39;s Moosup Pond: A Fishing Guide
come to rockwood tonight at 8 and ill cover some ... Ill even try to get mm to reprise his role from dazed.
": Why is like almost every girls' Twitter name is always suck/eat/lick/ this? -____- = Basic Bitches .."!!!!!!
#gwsummit attendees-what device are you on now? Sent from htc android
#S/O TO GO #FOLLOW THIS TALENTED WOMEN SINGS SOSO GUD LOL. ;-)
COMMON: Murray believes that Drupal was the best option because of it's connetion to Zotero among other things.
Nandito ako wa just playing now in the radion sung by David Archuletta ..
Thanks to for a pleasant surprise today, a new wallet to test out!
ya he tends 2 pop into my dreams pretty often.last nights dream was us ballroom dancing. Gets annoyin sometimes tho
because it's cold and dangerous and it won't start til 12 anyways
Anyone who went to Jazz Fest knows that Yellowman killed it. Big Tings at the Vintage Reggae WinterFest THIS SUNDAY!! FEB 19th!
This foo said a pause moment lhh.. I almost coughed up my lunch
But if my time is up, let me know right now. I will find a way to your heart again. #speedin'
Boots for President?
cant stop watching the show!! So awesome... Definitely someone i look up to!!!
Umm I'm five minutes into the private movie. Holy stupid.
#ifonlyIcould should be
Think I found my new bike ... So excited.! Making Tampa to Times square a reality
Going to sleep now. .___.
Uhh... gets the words out and puts them in a word doc. I'm trying to go through hours worth of interviews.
. I rather see drake & ross do a ablum
My husband and kids got me a Canon T3i for my birthday! ... now I need to learn how to use it.
Love watching two douchebag drivers try and out-douche each other at 80mph...as long as they're 3 lanes away. Dumbasses!
A2 I find working with visual artists very rewarding esp. working the business end in effort to support their creative practice
same here
Follow me tomorrow at the Glendale Hilton from 12pm-5pm for the 3rd Annual Premier Bridal Show w/my team Design By Ashley
I have fractured c4 and c5 and cant use arms. Surgical proc next week. Ill chec out poem. Ty:-)
Hey Ava : ) can i please get your follow ? That will sure make my friday even better :D
Happy Mother's Day (:
It's a Metro Diner morning!
My fault on that. Didn't see the RT. Regardless, it's hard to make a decision on things like that from our couches.
Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
Since we've regressed to being 5 and playing in the sandbox, mind passing me the shovel?
We'll be working on new songs tonight
Happy Mother's Day to all you mommies!
“: I don't speak slut, can you translate? #vv #mc”
And to , for making all those "impossible" production meetings possible. Even if has the creepiest Skype avatars ever...
Looking for crazy ideas... not people.
Happy Monday!!!! May you all have an awesome Day!!!!
follow me please i love you
LIKE MY WARDROBE OF STATION/FREE T-SHIRTS DOESN'T KEEP ME HUMBLE!
You should see Bronson. He is simply brutal in that movie.
Which President dedicated the San Diego County Administration building in 1938?
RT : Be a part of the #ContagiousBehavior tonight with & !!!
going on hour 15 of the grind, want to sleep but these games are god
I can see myself buying a freakishly low-priced sculpture or artifact that ends up filled with drugs. Hello...Turkish prison.
Yes, totally lame. Also don't like how you can't use more than 1 acct at a time. Even the mobile app allows that.
:o get some food!!
Just saw the moped gang of about 150 fratters ripping the streets of Fayetteville AR. Looked like a bunch of killers to me.
well think of something or someone else.
Last night went to my high school football game and JV and Varsity won. WHO Today cant wait for my party
Be easy on the eyes:) Grate(dont slice) cucumbers, wrap in cheesecloth, and put on ur eyes. Grating releases more antioxidants than slicing!
Georgetown council member Bonnie Skinner wthdraws from race to focus on family; plans to fulfill current term
they have karaoke on Mon & Thur at Chevy's in Burbank. Not sure how far that is from everyone.
ikr! lol good times..i wonder what we're doin tomorrow..like why would we learn new stuff before break
no, when does she reference a year? I specifically looked for some indication and never found it.
Ima shave my head!
Today is going pretty slowly, but at least I have s coworkers to entertain me!!
My butt is on fire!! Thought you'd appreciate a little laugh before finals. Hopefully I make it to mine 😖💨💩🚽
Right! he waited til the last minute to say anything cuz he's been loving the press and buzz the last few months.
I embrace lace-less shoes as a luxury of a world without Zombies.
Link is not working!
Besides your titties, what else do you have to offer?
December 10th 7:30PM - Kevin & Chris "Twisted Christmas Music Extravaganza," Knights of Columbus Hall 732 Badger Avenue
In 26 minutes I found a tenant to sublet my apt in west village #newyorkminute wow
Farewell, Texas!
Hey Kathy how ya been, hope 2012 is treating you well. Unity is doing some great stuff coming up!
#oomf takes forever to text me back ugh
Good times at Full Throttle Saloon til Thunder filled the dakota sky, reminding riders they aren't the only force to be reckoned with.
Life Time Athletic Club if you want to look into it, it's ~$100/month but it's an $8M facility and looks every bit of it
I'm in! Welcome back to the hood! RT : Sounds like a plan to me. cc
Day 3 of full training for Miss New Mexico! Met w/my coach & feeling motivated!
never received the video of the awards ceremony? Did your dad send it?
Lies you mean af lol RT : I'm a very sweet and nice person, IDK why people think otherwise -__-
watching live on upstream.! lovee u (:
It is at the Apple iTunes app store and the Android Market. I think young golfers will really like it.
Sport doesn't build character, it reveals it.
Well, I guess i picked correctly for my one regular-season NBA game to watch for the year.
Send me your email in FB. JeJe did & she has a copy
vas happening mum
Paige, you rock my world!
Fuckin celts lose I'm gonna just go to bed they win getting hammered
WHO THE FUCK IS MAN. UNITED?
BUT DO U GET IT POPPIN
R & B late night does the mind great....
I'd say banana creme pie
two tens for 2nd dance, one for first... All the rest nine's
"You cum on your wounds for protection?"- Rube Sheeber
Getting a kick out of the overlap between Forbes and Departures.
I'm cooking at the moment! Lol
Merry Christmas to all and to all a goodnight!
I have nothing to do tomorrow.
just stopped in!
lucky u
shit , the guitar is important
Going to the toy section of Walmart with your boyfriend making fools out of yourselves>>>
no, dont have that chanel...watched the 2 disk DVD.
Love the wizards (not sporting). Glad we won but also really happy to see jimmy get a goal ,,
lol it wasn't directed to you.
It's not really a discussion if the prof is just waiting for you to say what he wants to hear.
Go to tomorrow and buy any Stumptown Espresso - get a free strawberry champagne cupcake! Yum!
I'm really not thinking ahead of myself here, who wants to come get me on the 16th or ??
Baseball really is a game of Inges.
Totally zoning to Antlers right now! I love this shit!
I was just one of the first people to sign on the west side of Madison.
Still on a shopping high from all of the gowns & bridesmaid dresses we ordered at Chicago Bridal Market!
Tonight has been a really good night, i didnt even know how much i missed you being a part of my lfe
cause I paid them all to stay away just in spite of you.
We'll be closed #StPattysDay #Chicago but don't miss out on 3rd Annual 'Party on the Patio"
yeah I was so shitty!!! She slammed into me hard lol
Heading out to hang with , !
That awkward moment when you can't get the power aid out of the package....
Just finished reading #killinglincoln by -great read for anyone who loves history, America, or hearing of traitors get theirs
Wtf is wrong with you?
Dear Face Wash Commercials, Nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my bathroom is sopping wet now.
No, sherry potter
. you rocked this weekend at
Basketball game was great.(: Go 8th grade boys.(:
do I have any MSN/MKE tweeps who dig Neutral Milk Hotel/want to go to Jeff Mangum's show tonight @ the Pabst?we're going & have 2 spare tix.
RT Help. Heated argument... Greatest Boston athlete? Ted? Larry? Brady? Orr? . El Guapo
Story of my life and ur just a turned page...
found some nice pictures you took at lunch today :')
my family
you should see my back... i went to our baseball game on sunday and it is so red!
reading true diary of a part-time indian
Should have played party in the usa as erik's intro
Laker fans continue to talk about #HeatNation when the games over. Worry about your sad ass team.
great wonder if ms. Bitch is here today!
Yep, for those of you who asked, that was me on Modern Family again
That person who's been there for you threw thick n thin <3
Palace Cafe. 605 Canal Street. Corner of Camp st/ Chartres st. I'll see you there.
are you in Pittsburgh ?
I just remembered someone said "What's an African name?" and said "Eddie Murphy?" and some girl called her racist lol
Your personal relationships effect how much energy you have to create for your business. Is there anything you need to clean up?
Pretty accurate.. RT : Hit three. Play defense. Hit another three. Play defense. Pick-and-roll-lay-in. Repeat.
Don't give up what you're already doing - you'll be a better employee says of
Wiz on the Fire
I need to restart my exploration of LA restaurants. Anyone want to go to Animal, Pizzeria Mozza, Craft, or others with me?
So after last nights massive panic attack and all of my fears about not graduating due to grades, I have officially passed ALL classes!!!!!!
they're both "equally as hard" (;
Rain today. Should be a good day. Lawnmowers securely tucked away in silence!
Cloud Marketing is the collection of different Internet-based marketing services, allowing marketing functions to operate more effectively.
I hate voicemails!!!! Omg I don't listen to them lol
Do not lower your standards to keep anyone. Make them meet you at your level... self respect is power Jermaine Broadnax
Somebody get some weed! Hahaha
Miami I love your new ballpark..but don't parade Ali out there..really.
How do you pick a pineapple?
If you could have fun ... do a version of #mayhem ... or animate it ... or splice in 80s movie clips ...
Thank you Glenn!
Today is Day 2 of Milwaukee Film Fest 2011. What are you looking forward to seeing?
cross country sucked. I was 27 out of 120. It was unfair, i did 5 laps when everyone did 3
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
can you send me the pictures of me and bianca please??
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. ~ William Feather
Last Peak Performance Coaching today!!!!
And to actually have a TV show just to announce his new team? I'm going to throw up. How narcissistic can you get.. #NBA #LeBron James
Hey, thanks! :)
wants to work with Rick Rubin
ha, poor Lindsey. he is such a style setter!
Ugh I love so much!!
You read it here first #twalkers: RT : You're on my calendar: May 10th at 1245
The worst time ever to have your ex girlfriends number readily available is while writing lyrics.
Where does GOD call 4 a people to b shy? HE says be BOLD or COURAGEOUS. So y do we use it 2 describe ourselves when GOD doesn't even use it.
It's a typo. Willie just plans to get high with
Looking for HipHop Female Rappers ala Missy Elliot style, Ms Jade,etc for FILM/TV Projects...
I would probably put Vick lower, or not include him at all. There are too many QBs better than him now
I just recruited a new consultant! He just opened himself up to a new world of opportunities!
this is like us at the botanic gardens last weekend. We were totally vibing with the plants.
a song Crusted Feelings from the upcoming album is launched for a post-production sequence... one step more towards getting album ready...
Ah , They won win next game ..
that text i just sent irie ahahaha im joked out!
Bitch nigga I Nutted On Your Girls Bread and you thought it was mayonnaise Wrong bitch thats Seamen
I vote not
House depriving himself of Vicodin for Wilson is just...ugh. So sweet.
freaking out rn because he's too adorable omg
WELL PLAYED! #Burritilla #OrSomething RT : quesadilla opened up and made into a burrito
Manchester city!!! Old men can stop crying and having fits now
Poor rappers, lol
Bye bye Leif, sadly this is not a season where smart people were cast
Looking for funding to help families in need with holiday gifts and support. Best Wishes to all!
Off to the Cactus League on March 3rd! First trip there with the T3i, so get ready for LOTS of pictures when I return!
you brought this upon yourself.
Heat is just Hate misspelled. Go Bulls.
Some of you hoe's be fuck'n with lil niggaz think'n they big dawgz buhh they just a puppy
*Slays sleep monster*
"Well done is better than well said." - Benjamin Franklin
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 48
Have the day off for #MLKJr's Bday? Spend it w/ us @ #SWIMLounge! We'll be relaxing by day & watching the beautiful sunset in the evening.
creating our new home on the web....
Vote taken to hold off on rate increase until next month passes. No increase today, but could be changed at full board tomorrow.
yes! Thursday was my day but now Friday! Enjoy your day as well!
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing – that's why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar
Avengers is staying on top for a good reason
I can only imagine; it must be exciting indeed. I do wish you had won though.
Locked him up fam! Don't act like there wasn't help all series! FOH!
Wow, just noticed Gameloft setting up shop in New Orleans. I would LOVE to work for a video game company down there.
oh yes it definitely should be!! I lived there for a while and my parents still do. So much to see!
Kesha just said exactly what she told Susie messy ass and that did not sound like her saying I'm gon go off on Tami.
Duration: 30 minutesWho should view?Marketing professionals and business owners
Our next highest scorer after wade and lbj was joel anthony with 5 points... Who needs bosh?
I never start any drama, I just sit back & let it unfold! 😊
recommends developing 4 or more ads to test with different images and text to see what best performs
Anywho good morning!!! Happy Friday!!!
Donovan and Beckham here in KC on Saturday..I may quit my job to go watch this game!
At one point in my childhood I was convinced that "Marky Mark" would be my husband. lol.
I'm eating a sandwich hoping that today will go by fast lol
Why don't you ever shoot stuff in Florida. It's beautiful ya know ? Loll.
Any links to letters to give to ADM to use mobile devices in the classroom? thanks
"Social media is a low level discourse." DISCUSS
hahaha hey now, I think that's just New York style. If we like u, we bust your chops a little bit! But it's all love there!!! :-)
Percy must be feeling well.
Just saw yesterday, 141 minutes of dudes kicking the crap out of each other.
Thanks !!! As always appreciate the help
Labor Day??? Yep, we're open from 9am-2pm. Last minute grilling accessories and more available for your convenience!!!
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?♥ Love you Christian! 8
It's more probable (not much more, but more) that Kobe, Pau, Bynum, and Ron dominate, than OKC just destroys us in 4.
oh ok awesome.
Hey San Diego! I'm playing on Monday, 2/20/2012 pm. See Y'all. Just like Michael, "I'll be there."
Childish gambino is being streamed live on youtube
aw but I like the gay you lol
Looking forward to some great auditions.
Thanks for the love, all! Didn't make it this time but had such a blast! :)
It's okay. Not at all, I dont have any time until this weekend... finals and Encore! on Friday.
Bout to go in the heat and cut some grazz
I just played a 118 point word in Words With Friends. It's a good day.
If ever bump into eachother... We'll Serenade ya! =)
I seriously am so tired of everything. Just want it to end.
I was saying the same thing!! I'm glad I wasn't the only one..thanks JO lol RT : Doesn't alvarez kinda look like blake griffin
who is your idol? :)
Thank you to everyone that participated in our Long Sleeve Contest! Winners and new designs will be announced tomorrow!
Yeay! I new the sun would come back!
Gone are the B's - now Let's Go C's - that's how we roll in
Happy new year:)
It's snowing right now. Big fluffy snow.
Fuck you. You're mean.
We appreciate you following Poised Creation El Paso!
Just online checked in on that fuckin cruise how about you
*clears throat* Ahem...taps Twitter. Hello all my lovely freaks and freakettes. I would like you to #FF Not a Requests!!!
Yes. Terminology matters. RT : QUESTION: Is it valid to ask audiences versus communities? Are they separate?
there's nothing like a homegrown tomato! for serious!
Funny how others try to insult Yanks fans by insulting ARod. Most of us don't like him either. Go ahead and insult him.
So glad it's Friday(:
OH in your house? If so, RUN!
It's Afghanistanimation!
RT : loved seeing the sheared sheep! cool! Lots of schools today, still plenty of places to roam! We love it here!
What's been going on?
day off! :D
I get that a lot. : Well then, please don't be offended when I say you have an ass to die for. An ass to kill for.
just want to say have a nice meal and hope to see you in the premire soon #dying jussssstttttinnn!!
Tomorrow is going to be depressing.
hit my email fam
Thanks for the mention!
New collaborative digital Beckett project features archived material from First module is live: www.beckettarchive.org
just uploaded pictures from on Friday night!
Not a question but my dog Alex has a grey BONER shirt. :) haha
Top of the twitter feed: RT The lunatic is carried at last to the asylum a confirmed case,
Skys are NASTY here in E-ton as well!! We have rain and loads of wind! Not really my favorite kind of day! :)
I think tweeting is cool too. I like to tweet informative information to help tweeters build their follow base.
this Jason falkner shit is fantastic!
True & that is after they get the edu. Most of these fellas are highly educated.
If history is doomed to repeat itself. I want a dinosaur.
dope show! MTV need to give yall a FULL HOUR! Get the new contract out, renegotiate! LOL
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop talking to ME!
On Feb. 18 @ 1pm in the Lilly Auditorium, come and listen to Anthropology prof. Paul Mullins discuss IUPUI: The Creation of an Urban Univ.
Executive Office Furniture: Alera Fraze Executive High-Back Swivel ...
Today is the beginning of a new chapter. We are excited and can not wait to share this music with you all. May God be glorified!
Somehow #AsiaTrinity Tour scored dinner w/ Mayor of Tainan. Thanks to TU friends for making this prestigious appt. possible.
actually two lol
follow back???
true dat my dude
Oh, forgot Mad Men is back tonight! Unfortunately, there is no way I'll be able to stay up for it. Thank goodness for the DVR.
Tomorrow is an extra special TWOSday! Two for one piercings on the same person...OR TWO separate piercings on TWO different people! YEAH SON
Wow, this just in, Michael Francis leaving UNF for USF! No!
Our fee is based on a percentage of the first year's annual salary for each candidate upon commencement of employment.
you win!
well technically, does anyone ever say it out loud? It's mostly webspeak. I myself have eschewed nada for the holiday.
I wanna meet some new people, I'm getting sick of seeing the same ones all the time
I'm talking about Amile Jefferson committing to Kentucky
I can understand that
Not sure if this is news but heard that Kathleen Falk likely will be running for Governor..not happy about it.
Congrats to all the Grammy winners! www.gailboyd.com
And we will meet later to finalize the details...
#WRESTLEMANIA28 wins #TeamBringIt Great ass match
I can't wait to hear the new album! Love you guys so much :)
That's one of our tenants- I LOVE that place. I'm sad to leave downtown but I know there will be good stuff out there as well.
I think I just saw Lyle cutting random grass in a random field in Chippewa
Two months away from the official release of our book, FELON FITNESS.
I like zippers… Just don't chip your tooth on one.
great seeing you today!
if that comment was a reference to me,... Your welcome, muah!
I'd like to give a shoutout to ! :)
What a game last night! We had a great crowd come out and watch on our new flatscreens.
youre fine as you are :)
I CAN'T FOLLOW PEOPLE
lmfaoooo im wit it
Come by my lecture on Latin Jazz next Tuesday at 7pm in San Jose. More info at www.sanjosejazz.org
Good luck to the wrestling team tonight as they make statement vs a D1 program! #showemthelights!
Headed to this weekend! Hopefully the wet stuff stays away!
Seriously question here. Is Darryl Sutter disabled?
To my twitter friends, please feel free to share the "STAY THE F*** AT HOME! video from YouTube. Its the only way to survive Carmageddon!
Waldo very much disagrees with this assessment. See also: shoes.
he concierge desk is a fertile information ground!
How to entertain a 5-year-old who can't go to camp because of pink eye?
Learn to master the blank stare! ;)
What is your favorite place to go in Florida besides home? :)
RT : User: "So I can listen to Pandora in #Salesforce?" Me: "No, that's my bookmarks bar." #Facepalm <--LOL!
Thanks to twitter I always know the current temperature of random cities.
“: #greatplayers Get fouled! To win the big games, you must get to the free throw line and then you must make them.”
u make us happy ;)
Link mentions mobile learning seen by L&D mgr as the way forward; most can't know if preferred yet- haven't tried it.
Lets get this day started, tacos! Spurs game last night made me sick :(
PUSSY runs the world and soon as u guys understand that the world will be a better place
such a great night! Next time..
Do people know who he is? More than The Daily Show guys?
Energized my batteries on Monster & Rudy's breakfast tacos to start day 3 of #SXSW film Fest. Movie #8 will be "Eden" at the State Theater.
Kohls shopping without my bestie just isn't the same!
then why u go
I'm about to!
I need to get use to working third shift. I fell asleep twice tonight. Not good.
Listen, the next revolution is going to be a revolution of ideas. - Bill Hicks
Off to the gym
Never satisfied with a nice calm evening...
Nothing seems to wake me up like a nice workout, no thanks coffee I am good
I'm glad you liked the #Social27 UI developed for the #DellWorld Live Online. Seeing more demand for similair UI
Improv shows are hilarious!!!
Just bought SnapRuler, looks like Xscope does a lot more.
THAT THA SHIT I DON'T LIKE
I hate how close you live.
I miss the feeling of being in a relationship
Thanks for joining us Friday!
#celticschat Can we still make it to the playoffs??? I am wondering because i just came back from a camp out ;D
didn't wanna interrupt ur speech
LOVE that too!
Ever feel so overwhelmed that you get stuck moving forward? Walk away, clear your head, close your eyes, and breathe.
RT : Woot. Just sold a reprint off my blog for Real Money. Again I say, WOOT.
are you sick? Lol
hello precious
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress. Mahatma Ghandi
Im in the studio cooking so my team can be on the half time show. Was good
aw thanks! have you "liked" us on fbook yet?!
T.G.I.F BITCHZ
Movie night with and
I did a talk last night on Accelerate, and since it's so boring, I started it off by playing Wat. Best video I've ever seen. :)
What I don't get is how can someone call someone else ugly? Everyone is beautiful in their own way, inside and out.
Had to look. You're tip said crab cakes and that was all I needed to know. Lol. Too bad though.
exagerrated princess version
Do it at ! RT : coders! come up w/a cool app & submit to #appsforenergy - here's a quick list.....
In Philz coffee, next to one person talking on their cell, and another watching loud videos. I'm talking about you,
What bands/artists are you guys digging right now? We're always looking for some new music! (We like to have office dance parties)
These images of #1940census are great!
But i kept smoking through it and am feeling much better today(:
Can't believe its been 9 months since and I began dating. He's so lucky to have me ;) lolzjk. I'm so f'n lucky. Love you darlin'
Is there a serial killer prowling #NV highways? George Knapp reports at 5pm
All ninja turtle fans should come out to the britton pub tonight for some beers and a good time.
THAT'S STRIKE THREE!
Finished Face Lift of the Home Page www.itsartnotstuff.com great feed back...working on a Face Book Widget this week..cause ItsArtNotStuff
i've been playing with jeenodes and the awesome jeerev/jeemon framework all day. blogpost forthcoming!
loved your new post--definitely got my day off to a good start
Oh, man. Did I learn some hard lessons on CakePHP and ACLs today. Horrible documentation. Well, time to start blogging and documenting, then
we're on the way home now. We'll stop by in about 20 mins.
women on fertility messageboards are probably the most open
Execution double 9 style...
with who? has them for free every day! :)
Malibu #Triathlon tomorrow! Who's going? Should be a good time with lots of super fit athletes competing. Go T2!
Whoever helps me recruit the most followers! I'll buy you a Play-On bracelet..
I don't have a long weekend my friend. The Hartford is open on President's Day. :(
I guess I'm going to bed, if I can't sleep I'll be back to tweet 
( ) I was unaware of In-the-Flow in systems/ops, but it makes tons of sense.
no problem hun thats true we should all just respect his privacy
ha yah mines 2 from tomorrow. Sounds like a #party is necessary
See, if your Grandma wasn't there, I'd come.
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Dozens are left homeless after a WDM apt fire, plus Jon Huntsman dropping out of the GOP Race!
thank you!!
My friend Dave Carney () is 15 or so followers shy of 2K. Politicos around the US will sleep better if makes he goal.
There are some beautiful photos by on our website. Check out his work!
It breaks my heart hearing the  love of my life cry at Night :(
Someone from the UK looked at my Wiki!! I know that this makes me a nerd but I was so happy when I noticed this in my wiki-stats! :)
yea babe so watsup wat r yhu up to x
Last week of the current class and I am proud of myself. I am thankful for the talent that only God can give.
Thanks for the shout out...turn it up!
To all my Wednesday degenerates it was a great night thanks for your help making it the best night of the week
Shout out to all the wonderful nurses out there!!!! Thank you for all you do!!!
Lowercase after a colon! RT : If you are my friend: Feel free to correct my grammar and word usage. If I don't know you: Don't.
Now there's an idea!
uqqh! I wanna learn how to drive :/
Trollin facebook drama because people are dumb.
Win a trip to see ! The Kiss 98.5 "Human Billboard Contest" is this Wednesday morning at 7am at the Kiss 98.5 studios
#SilentAuction coming to a close. (First) word of the day: good. As in, before "morning" and "girl" (to my dog, Mackenzie).
behavior changes when fines affect bottom line. If only bump in road, seen as a "marketing expense"
it's not mandatory
thanks for the followand support Nancy hope you enjoy the rest of TC and come in to next time you are in the chi
Very true. One time I had to call Saturday night to see if I worked Sunday because it wasn't done on Saturday morning
I won't stop until they say Mike Valdes is the white
RT : I want a hippopotamus for Christmas. That is all./Only a hippopatamus will do!
First official day as a working woman again! About 6 hours in, my brain is still absorbing information like a sponge . . .
oh, so you wanna argue? bring it! i got my caps lock ON!
night night y'all
My student just asked me who goes to school on valentines? The answer is her teacher who left his valentine to teach.
Thanks. I watched that clip. Sweet.
Sure, send all our jobs to Mexico (again)
"Occupy Reno" occupied Reno for about 6 hours. We occupied Reno for 30 hours
Yes. Unfortunately Kohler Co doesn't want anyone to enjoy non-Kohler-owned anything, so the shuttle doesn't leave the village.
I need it in my lyfe!
I think is rapping in "We didn't start the fire."
Happy National Pretzel Day!
Baseball in Education w/ Franklin Central HS & Indianapolis Indians. Great way to spend a day!
Did you get it?
Hey Alex <3
She said be ready in 15 to go get something to eat..I said easy..I keep flawlessness on deck..
Anxious to see where Payton goes..
Saturday, April 28 law enforcement agencies will team up to take all your unused prescription drugs. This is a great way to get rid of...
I love it when i have to struggle to breathe, thanks allergies.
that's a mirror, Holmes
Sunshine + a convertible = ____________________
Thanks for the follow
Countdown to march madness. YES
lmfao my dad is a caps fan & has already accepted defeat
Dave Wyndorf of Monster Magnet will be a near-future guest on #BestShowWFMU after the marathon shows, but give give give to #TomThon !!
I can't wait for this semester to be over. Only 3 more classes left of my undergraduate degree after these finals this week.
<--31 years old in 2 months!
Hey we would love a visit here at (add)ventures!
You stole my heart, you're a great guy and I think with this you don't discourage ... I love you sweet Zayn
Awesome week in Cali with the rents! Went by way too fast.
that's w u are doing. Where is the instagram?
Ahh, so you're at Steve's.
Using 1594 (Paris) hours worked, Business Insider's calc for French productivity s/b $22.89, compared to $$24.6 USA. Booya!
baby you light up my world like nobody else<3
m, don't let your obsession get so extreme that you forget firewood may be a bad idea given the location. Bon appetit though!
Goodnight peoples
American Idol really knows how to drag out a show...ugh
Thank You Based Scoots for your Common sense. Love you!
33 HOURS 'til tips-off vs Syracuse! Join us at the usual haunts, & , for Sweet 16 specials!
Thanks for the RT Bob! :-)
i did once, for like 2 min. only because my mom was getting ready.
Party it up!
OMG! I would to!!! Freakinay!! Haha and if you ever did you should mention me! :D hahaha lol
you no u should go on tiny chat more often
exclusive event 8/5 bravo greygoose celebs Ny style fashion show if your not there & u r in fashion r u really in fashion?
Chicken paprikash so delicious...an admiring chef (my wife) took it from me. Stew worked wonders (she never even saw it).
Check those wiper blades folks, even if you don't believe those clouds up there will produce.
I didn't snore, did I?
Im mad i wont b able to c him on his bday..love u Jataveon!!!...
- Safe travels. Your work to highlight poverty in the richest country in the history of history is so important.
agreed. It's like crack.
love love
Looking nice!! Wish I was on your tour. Enjoy.
People think I worship the dead cuz of it wut
dude you got out of DC fast...
Famine in Bengal bookends British Rule in India. Catastrophe politics.
we have been getting the strangest emails lately.
I was able to catch up on FNL before it ended last year. Listen for the Delta Spirit song in the last episode. Great band.
I was on time!!!
Bro do me a favor! Get me followers!
Beautiful spring day!!!
nothings right im torn<3
Congrats to Jessica Simpson on the birth of her baby girl!
Crazy fucking day at work. I made some money!
How do you not like panera? The food is slamming haha
GIVEAWAY: Like both and Viral Ink's FB pages for a chance to win a free t-shirt of your choice! Giveaway ends tomorrow!!
Oh whatever lol. At least I got me a new pack of squares so I'm content. haha. how are you?
its not like he did anything last year anyway.
Eyes Wide Open on the radio <3
That crazy Storm knocked out power in my hood for 3hrs. Theres going to be some unhappy and late ppl for work.
Did you go for doughnuts?
Curled up at the end of my parent's bed since they aren't home. Cat napping before cinco festivities. It's like the calm before the storm.
Juju thinks she's hella hard barking at bigger people and bigger dogs... She know she ain't gonna do nothing with her chihuahiua ass.
Let. It. Rip.
because you have forgotten what real life is
hopefully with tomorroww . i need herr. <3
on #bilingual book Dancing with the Devil "ages-old supernatural elements mix well with high interest current setting" yay!
": Think I might go for a skate! Who runs the roads!!!!!!!!!!! ▶"we do except when I have 2 take cupcakes to school!
Big game today! Go Briarwood!!! (:
YP, I planning on doing some speaking this Summer. Would love to book a night w/ you & minister w your students. DM me!
Check out our awesome Specials at Kaama Lounge and Triple Crown. These Specials won't last so get yours soon!
Top of the Morning to ya.
Easy but very wet :P glad I have a messy truck! Rain gear was packed ;)
welcome home
I know u will!!! Lol so wats up???
looks like Jon's hurting. How about you Vivi? I think you guys are ready for the Agrocrag.
Try it sometime ;) RT Wait that works?! RT Best pickup line: hey good lookin, what do you like for breakfast?
I swear to god boys get more hormonal than girls do.
You're a Mets fan
It's a CONSPIRACY.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop! Nice... Next?
Sometimes it's good to cry things out, but I wish it didn't have to be this way.... :'(
Derek Fisher is bringing down OKC from the inside
i believe ya lol
We sell gift certificates in any denominations. Who doesn't love sweet potato fries & Great Lakes Xmas ale? The grinch, that's who.
i could do with out the pink but yeah haha #idig (:
so funny! Omg poor boys !!
Alright ladies, message me your username.
Just finished World Cultures homework.
"The River is almost always the center of attention in small towns, second to the village idiot and always ahead of the farmer's daughter"
What the hell, everyone in this musical has a solo O.O
Horse spawn hahahaha
Sure WILL popi
like...aliens?
#ireallywant him to not have a girlfriend
Thanks for following us!!
After Party At My Place Who's Down?
IM GOIN TO START A NEW IB LOVE STORY !! :D Soo ! would anyone wanna be in it ? (:
First time someone said to me, "thank-you for your service." I wish I could tell him how undeserving I am of that thank-you.
I got it! As soon I get my world quiet for a bit---I'm gonna call ya!
but thats not the irony, its the fact that she would say to wait to have sex, but in her songs is something else. she suxs...
#symantec has some of the
who is in the background? LOL!
itz all good ..:. How is seNior year ?
have you been before? What part are you hitting?
come unity
you guys are coming over right
It's Friday the 13th, I coached a client named Jason today, and now I'm listening to Thriller.
So new name is Brittney if mine is Derek
Only LCD Soundsystem fans may get my last tweet.
yes... the #GIRLTALK cd is that good. what else did you expect?
i think there is an aranciata cart, no? can anyone help with this?
O-Headley O-Hundley 0, Lord it's gonna be a long Padres season
I hate when people suck their own D!ckS 4 attention... thats not swag! -__-
Final meeting of Jones Point Park construction liaison group May 1, 7 p.m. at Lee Center, 1108 Jefferson St.
That was the Prayer before reading Holy Scripture by St. John Chrysostom
Trying to decide if I should take my DSLR on trip tomorrow. My shoulder says no.
Amazing what technology can do. I have friends all over the US tuning into the
We're all busy people...but you have time for one Big Glass of #wine after work, right? Happy Hour starts at 5p and ends 7p...See you soon!
I'm ready to follow my heart.
I'm sad my bae mad at me
Come out & see Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!
Doing a behind the scenes interview for my movie 'Fair Play' this Friday
I never duck bills like a platypus. Understood? LAZ is my favorite MC!
To all my fans, I love you all very much. Here is the latest Megamix before I release it. Enjoy Download free www.envdo.com/mix
There is little doubt to me that connecting via twitter can lead to amazing things.
"Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration" -- Thomas Edison. I hear it a lot, but somehow it's still easy to forget.
ugh. lounging around waiting for this stupid iphone update to finish. 7 hours? my ass. hate my slow internet. guess ill watch
Enjoy your day too, Buddy!
RT : Hard night riding the front at #Presbycrit but worth it w/Hilton & Jake finishing 1st & 3rd...
Just another day doing what I do
1ST THING UR GOING TO DO WHEN UR DONE WITH THE DENTIST? TAKE A PICTURE!!! :)
I'm starting summer classes the 21 woo!
YES!!!! RT : #myfavoriteartist is the QUEEN period
done! Thanks.
I fart better dubstep.
HEY THERESA....r u still doing group readings at that restaurant om Long Island every month....how do we sign up?
was just thinking => when not using python, I miss requests. Thanks for it. You deserve all accolades!
Now I'm putting on some snuggie sweats and making some macaroni and cheese. The ultimate comfort food.
"Change ALL your doctors to Black practitioners" ...from "The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses" on our site! GO!
1 week till #R5WestCoastTour stop in Bakersfield! I cant wait!!!
I think just had his account hacked. Unless he really wants us to help clean out toxins and lose weight.
Listening to BBC Radio 2 and pricing garage sale goodies.
Hi Jordi, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets. Would you like to be added to the public alumni Twitter list?
Just for the record, I'm on the verge of abandoning the Paige Terner account and starting fresh. Nothing dramatic. No Twittercide. Just new.
And here come the secret service jokes!
Congrats! Vancouver is supposed to be beautiful.
Business Outcomes are king. more content is not always better. :)
RT : Oral arguments are over in Daniel Salinas case. NM Supreme Court justices deliberating
You want me to finish the job but you lock me out of the building.
yes!!!! I'm back in town Tuesday afternoon :)
Reviewing the findings for the 2012 Real Rate Report - we're on track for our release next month
my sweet Katie, I wuv wuv WUV you to!! :)
dope up and go to bed.
I Use To Be The Sweetest Girl !
I wish this was a 3 day weekend
Anybody looking to buy a house in Florida? Now's the time! Let me know what you want and I'll find it.
Who is coming to the Denver Family Institute's 3rd Annual AUCTION for ACTION!? It's this Saturday and guarenteed to be a blast!!!
Lots of chokin' going on...
miss you James! Can you post some vids soon. Love your cute voice.
hunger games totaly!!!!!!
Thanks for RT'ing Clare.
there were several. all I know is no one seemed to look at me as we tweeted ...
Seriously thinking about shelling out $60 for Max Payne 3 right now. Any input on the game from people who have played it?
What if we set the bar at sweatpants?
Happy Friday Xavi!!!
i have two kittens
Everything happens for a reason . But sometimes not the right reason .
Me to , "Have you seen this new Twitter?" "Yeah, been on that for a week, probably cuz I'm such a valued member."
I don't know what does when he's home alone, you'll have to talk to him about that.
That is great we need you at cnn
Love me a movie and dinner! Totally brightens up my day to laugh with my amazing mother and grandma and eat delish food!
I don't think you do really know!
Thanks Brian..I'll pass it on to Jim our Depthchartmeister..
I will call you first thing in the morning when I can get into the system to see what the problem is. Sorry for the trouble
Aw, come on. Never? It's fun!
RT : im fine (You was Born fine glad to hear your good keep grinding and keep doing your music you will make it
oh hey you're following me now. cool.(:
watch I am going too what are your favorite colors?
LinkedIn? Need to track your doings since Poynter? How'd your matzo balls taste? Smelled your kitchen here in NY!
Saturday night = drinking night. #ItsAboutTimeThat you get weird
I will definitely visit again. Wonderful service and now #1 on my spa list. I highly recommend the spa escape.
Congrats to The Good Wife team for finishing another amazing season.
“ Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female's trait..”
jammed room but looking forward to it
Had a good night of practice. Routine = achieved.
What's up with these torn ACLs in the NFL, NBA, MLB... Can't something be done to strengthen it, so it won't tear so easily!?
hey sexiii im like in love with yue and yuhr my idol dude like really:)
We brought peeps to workshop yesterday, so... bunnies yes.
00031 Sat 12nov11 . Clock in 0815a . no broadcast . work on "an American storage company" piece
o really lol okay sure I thought I was me with all my gutter balls!!
:) thank you and we are happy you liked!
Go follow and i will dm justin for you there!
that works!
OMG, Wordle, soo we meet again?
you did a great job with "Bossmade" with Jay Pistol. We produced that track and would love to work with you in the future.
thanks! Your daughter is absolutely gorgeous. I sincerely wish you all the best.
This cough is the worst
Last year I got food poisoning a day after my birthday and this year I got it a day before my birthday. How weird is that!!
rt Join us for a Women’s Leadership Soiree During Social Media Week DC (#smwwdc) bit.ly/yMylT2
it can't be a very well kept secret now can it?
RT : Just saw a black guy and thought it was again.
Cover story in wednesdays TO Sun goes a long way to explaining why TO not a good venue for world class sports events like the PanAm Games
LOL, that made me laugh super hard!
THANK YOU NSAI for another year of Spring Training!!! What a great week it was! Absolutely priceless;) if u didn't go, make time next year!
The Hunger Games (2012): Horror of children killing each other for entertainment cleaned up & served in easily digestible product. 3:5
have been a closet fan because, well, I'm a straight dude....but proud to admit it now with that sweet ride you have.
Ordered 5000 FULL COLOR / BOTH SIDES biz card w/ UV Coated for $32.80 w/ shipping #SCORE!!
Aw okay
Tried to pet the guy sitting in front of Amoeba Music wearing a 4AD t-shirt and eating peaches out of a plastic bag and he bit me :(
Big Sean
Internships and volunteering are great way to be seen and get known -- before and after graduation.
CBS-NY Times Poll now shows Romney leading Obama in the overall poll and among Women, will the media cover that today??? Doubt it.
A tweet from would really make me feel better right now..
Louie C.K. Hilarious!!
Interseting. I would've guessed that Stanton home run was much closer to the line than that
Just because you kill people doesn't mean that guns don't. You're probably a little puss and killed all of them using one.
Good day, about to get to work!
The person who waits for conditions to be perfect before acting is still waiting.
Gathering inspiration for my makeup studio. Tons on my agenda lately!
Yeah, I miss it.
: "the greatest risk is to take no risk"
You know the F train has issues when at the station a sign reads "normal service today."
On a quest to find some chill singer songwriter performances hiding in an unknown bar downtown. Hoping to stumble upon something amazing!
Most certainly! Turning defeat into stepping stones to success!
No wait I was right first time lol
So ready to cut my hair
Watching 16&Pregnant.
That niggah Robert Griffin I with the Redskins now. He still my niggah though : )
annabel_a Tell us how we can make Smarthistory more useful.
Just finished reading "Where Men Win Glory", the Pat Tillman Odyssey; great read by Jon Krakeur
you're a nice girl
I've made so many mistakes in my life and now they r all coming back to me so how do I make my life better? Just know that I'm truly sorry.
Thanks for the follow.
Electrical outlets are more popular than video games at #sxswi. ok that's a stretch
Tuesday Quote: #history #museum #historical Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country. JFK - 1961
#shitnoonesays ": CSI is awesome it's like a day away from everyone I want CSI”
Have a lived life instead of a career
Thanks Jess! Pray for a brotha lol
Dreamers on the 15S is the roadside cafe I dream of finding on a road trip.
Kevin Durant is on fire!! And the Laker bandwagon is pissed
Don't be disappointed when she says no.
Perhaps if people could run out of lies.......then maybe they could start telling the truth.
Every 30seconds! RT “: our professor makes low-key racist jokes everyday class”
I'm good anytime really!
Car stuff not so much my thing, but I would love a certificate for car detailing.
#Irene panic in DC even worse than blizzard panic.It's going to rain. A lot.There'll be some wind. Sunday the sun will shine.The end.
Im rollin gasoline bout to blow a gasket
okay. i think that should wear a pink bikini [; & should do the dance dare!!
Everyone: this crap going nation wide!! Me: nation wide is on ur side ^.^ ~LOL
Guess that's what I deserve for filling with t minus one day!
We are crazy for Powerpoint over here Not only am I working on a presentation we have major job opportunities!
the energy the Mavs Fans have shown during the playoffs is amazing, let's keep it going wherever you're watching the game
Chapter 2012 Page 103 of 366 I was born on Friday the 13th! The world is Lucky to have me
Yep! Bright and Early!
Coming up on NBC 6: latest developments in case of #Aventura man on trial for wife's bathroom death
Glad to say did contact me. Answered my questions. Kudos to them!
True! RT never underestimate the power of a hand written note
Ahead of its rumored IPO, online music hub Vevo is said to be negotiating a new ad pact with Google's YouTube. Backed by Sony and Universal…
Thank you!
On my own I generally have very messy hair, wear jeans and sneakers. -Jewel Kilcher
Motor racing-Todt says Bahrain race will not damage F1 image
Just wrapped 2nd night of shooting 'The Long Farewell' in NYC. Did I mention that I was the Lead? Yeah, there's no turning back now...
#1 star tonight --> Timmy Thomas! #Bruins win. Woo! On to Anaheim tomorrow. Go B's!!!
do it me to <3 beach tomorrow :)
Very Important Quote !:“Don’t find customers for your products, find products for your customers.” ~ Seth Godin
We do! What're you brewing in there?
That's Fairmont HS for you right?
Despite attacks on pub. ed, most teachers do their job & make the lives of kids better. I think a sleeping giant is about to awake
haha I love leg?!;)
Gotta love this sunshine. Portland looks like socal right now. Get out and enjoy it
#BathroomTweet its officially a problem
"same ones who be talking dirty about me,be the same ones who hiding and buying my albums"... Lil Kim
damn the lakers cant take getting ran at all
10... Guys that treat you right :D <333
I don't like the school bus anymore
Cool! Um, why do you look SO mean in your pic? (Like Suge Knight's younger brother lol)
yeah how was ur day
It has been a wild summer so far for us! Looking forward to our corporate events at Wisconsin State Fair! Just around the corner ya know!!
We Party All Around The World.
we go to wmcc
some can u please explain the jinsu sitch to me whatt going onn??
My allergies are slowly killing me.
you make being bored look fun...
keep me posted. I'm too cheap to order it and too lazy to go watch it somewhere else.
Thanks for the follow friday, Tony. Hope you have a great weekend.
Not yet :-( I snuck off to the health fair after your talk, but hopefully you're still around when we return
if you think that all I can say is "what a fool believes"
To celebrate 76ers win buy 4 beers for 28 bucks tomorrow night Phil's game from number 77 only
This is the first time in a long time that I've ever cried like this.
Lmao , Not Coming From Him RT : RT Foh. Ugly Ass Winky Face ¦ I thought they all looked the same lol
Headed to Cape Cod to get a little "Aahhhh"
Reading the screenplay for The Descendants, I may like it better than the film itself. Both are good though.
Just reported a police trap on US Hwy 41. My mood: sleepy, using Waze - Drive Social
How do you get mediafire songs again?
You shoot me down, but I won't fall... I am Titanium....
Thanks Mary for the headsup!
Fight Weekend!!! Who's coming to Vegas!! Hit me up to setup weekend trip 7027506103
Austin it's officially your birthday in the UK! So happy birthday:') you're 16:D well, you would be if you were in the UK:)
Interested in bowling all summer for FREE? Give us a call and we will tell you how. 585-427-7205
Yo. You still up?
We have your favorite make and model vehicle in today.
HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE 2 EMCEES
lol no one feels bad doing that
When using any oils you must be careful that the oil does not get on the scalp it will fill up the folicle and cause a block
god mawnin everyone!!!!
Gonna dress up all week.. Or atleast try :)
how are you?! still cooking up a storm? sorry i haven't responded to your chapter yet :( i miss writing & reading fiction! soon.
following u there always more 2 learn about the streets everday
Is it real life that everyone in the world is watching this game?
it's in Nashville, they did have nose bleed sections but I don't think the drive would be worth those seats.
If they did not learn and then perform, then it was not training. That doesn't necessarily make it good or bad... it just wasn't training.
#KSsynapse Monteggia: Normal BDNF levels return, but antidepressant effects remain; lines of evidence suggest protein translation involved.
Woman at #Danishembassy after opening a book at a booth selling Danish-language books: "These are not written in English."
what kind of phony indoctrination degree do you need to work on E street?
Final season 5 episode tonight at 10:30 PM /ET/PT only on Showtime. Congratulations all. Happy to say that Showtime has renewed.
Homies always hatin on my voice-mail message...smh
A change saying to keep in mind: Don't tear down a wall until you know why it was put up. P.S. Your predecessors probably weren't crazy.
If some how Queen, pink flouyd, and led zeppelin could have a baby... Muse will have been born 🎤🎧🎶
If you liked this webinar, you might be interested in our other marketing webinars
Just drank two monsters! Time to fuck shit up lol
Tuscan vineyard
You all know where is from right? He's in his hometown. Go !
kay .. I'll ask my dad del Friday
Midtown's Clean & Green teams are starting their workdays at 6am this week and will finish by 2:30pm to avoid the hottest hours of the day.
union square #ACTA new york city whatever I am here and music is everywhere! do it! every day every day every day
I'm loving it RT : All this rain action
Police only reporting that they have madr a few arrests right now...most because of intoxicants on public property
white guys in air max... weaks my knees
#WeWontWorkOut if you dont like taking things slow
GOOD LUCK
thats right!:D they do a perfect and best pair of the world!:D <3
HPNG event tonight is at capacity, we cannot take on site registrations. Sorry. :-(
Alas, we all do what we have to do.
Thanks Caleb! We appreciate that! -M
“: Texas corral sounds so good!” *Roadhouse 😉
Happy mother's day to all of the mothers that are following !!!
Thank YOU for joining us at #Nighttown. Hope to see you next time in Cleveland
San Francisco Chronicle Best-Sellers May 6 - San Francisco Chronicle
People like Adam Young are amazing.
Congrats again, noth'n better then having things fall in place from hard work.
So I know all my lines up to Giants in the Sky:)
No plans at 6pm? Tune into TI30. We'll have a story on the guys who lead the Timbers Army cheers on game night. TI30 at 6pm on CH12.
finally got the new sold page. now I need a sale to try it out!!
I'll help trend it!
Bison did you set your clocks back this morning?
ACM presents music of Babbitt today at 12:15 PM at First Church in Boston's Back Bay. Melismata for Violin and Homily for Snare Drum.
AutoBots are the NEW traffic generation tool.
I HATE CERAMICS SO MUCH.
Thanks, everyone, for the birthday wishes!
Great meeting you Arash, I will get your email from Dan to "officially connect" haha, keep up the great work @ ESPNLA!
It don't mean a thing if you ain't got that SWING...Beginner LESSON 9pm→Open DANCING 9:30-midnt! Claire de Lune's Ballroom(No.Park) $5-8pp
Must ... disconnect ... internet ...
fucking fred movie! What the hell is going on!
Around what time?!
I'd rather waste my time with you.
Great local deals in #Denver!
Why is skylar going home? Bs! Holly needs to go!
Long heels, red bottoms! HOT
fuck you buddy can't hear
With chillin in austin
Thinking of incorporating a new marketing initiative? Unless it is put on the #Lawyer's schedule it will not succeed. Marketing takes time.
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
i see you like em exotic ;) lol
How????? I've been trying to get hold of one since they were announced!!!
Excited for my lil sisters, , quinceanera this summer ='D I can't wait! Love u Jocita<3
how's your mom doing today?
Enjoy Texas BBQ and folk music at The Heritage Society's Big Texas Welcome!
Will do ma'am!
we aren't getting off at one yet? Ugh I don't know. We just went through the toll and he took the ticket.
Got my nose pierced (:
The NEW .com BOOM. Just because .coms made and lost allot of money before, it does not mean that we can't profit from the right website idea
sure is! Lol
Just ordered some drums for the little studio....
yeah my mom put mine up high so I can't snoop :(
What do designers dream of, when they take a little designer snooze? Do they dream of big ideas, or of revisions that never get approved?
that would be a nice trip. I'm definitely thinking about it :-)
What's happening in Vegas this weekend??
Thank you so much for stopping by tonight! Have a great rest of the week!
It played twice. And it played about 20 minutes ago, for the second time.
May I ask why you are mad about #thevoice?
That RBI single from looming really large now.
Makin' moves! RT Today was an "all hands on deck" kind of day. It was stressful, but it was also fun.
INTERESTED IN PROMOTING FOR J NOTEZ MUSIC AND XCLUSIVE RECORDS? CONTACT HERE FOR MORE INFO -Xclusive Records
while you're in Florida can you make a stop at Florida Atlantic university? They need a lesson in how to make good gnocchi :)
Hi there fightinglib
the feeling is mutual!
just had her first encounter w/ a New York City fireman. And yes, they are every bit the sexy one would imagine. ;)
if you can retweet the news I would really appreciate it... thanks!
do you live there
Found my Aaron Carter cd :)
Volbeat/The Damned Things concert tonight!!!!!
we here its so boring
I know. He definitely carried himself like a professional. Did you enjoy the show?
fa·tal·ism (ftl-zm) n. 1. The doctrine that all events are predetermined by fate and are therefore unalterable. fatal·istic adj.
You gotta realize, alot of the times when i talk, and i'm talking extremely cocky, I'm not talking about myself, i'm talking about the work.
That's what 40 feels like.
I literally had just sat down to begin when I typed the tweet. I should be finished with it today.
This week is full of rehearsals, back to back meetings and a lot of driving.
don't let your destiny pass you by....
Lloyd Alexander's Vesper Holly does Egyptian: Indiana Jones-flavored stories with a heroine. Egypt Game by Zilpha Keatley Snyder.
Arrived in KittyHawk4screening tmrrow night-Thinking what more Punk than the WrightBrothers?That was thinking outside the mainstream :)
i've heard one too-many sales pitches from the podium too.
Have fun at Disney today! Definitely don't forget to protect yourself from the sun with sunscreen!
Just won Jingle Bash Tickets!! thanxs Nikki!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!! you probably wont but its worth the try!
gladly. It
We are doing great!! That ia awesome, what time are you on??
Rich of the world: Give back 20 x more than you EVER take from society. Give ti all back. Follow Buffett and Gates.
Yess! I keep eyeing that pink house, I want to party there
what kind of book are you reading?
In one of those moods where I'm laying in my bed crying, and I don't even know why.
I mean, I love John Cusack too but really? Excuse me while I go gag.
Enjoyed celebrating the 40th anniversary of the ERA! What a way to re-energize our movement for passage!
We can't root for either team in this one... GO BAY AREA! /
Happy Birthday ! Have a great one!
Hey so are we!
Follow back?
People who follow on twitter end most of their posts with "you guys," you guys.
"[T]he library in a small community may become a real center of light and leading" - C. C. Williamson, 1918
When we get live ill give u my PSn cuz without it i cant check and i forgot it..its my bros haha
Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was young... but I love you now.
In Hampden Halloween festival, just saw a man with black-face.
KDKA's own Heather Abraham () gets footloose this morning on Pittsburgh Today Live. Tune in at 9am to see her fancy footwork!
Handyman services available - landscaping, plumbing, electrical, mechanical, repairs, paint, etc. $25 ph per man or bid. Call 379-2763
Why can't it be about the billionaires?
I caught him CLEANING IT WITH STEEL WOOL weeks ago. On his most recent use, he left it in the sink full of water to rust.
HELLO my Name Is _______ , The Name You'll Be Screaming At Night ;)
Just about everytime I get on twitter I shake my head in frustration. Touch your bottom lip to your top lip please!
Picked up Expilion 500 headlight from Very nice! No more commuting home using only bat-like echolocation.
If I had to guess our math professors actual job I would guess taxi driver in NYC.
Its packed ...At the Grand Bohemian tonight
On Cue lunch date with my hubs.
alright alright, check this out.. 3, 2, 1.. check your phone
Doyle always said the DNR Chief should be selected by the Board. Well, until he became Gov. Then he changed his mind.
Sitting in the sunshine with my cat. Lovely afternoon! I'm getting pretty excited for summer. ☀
Finally got around to watching #Bridesmaids. Hilarious, if quite disgusting.
come home to MLS where the bass fishing is better! :-)
sounds like we need to pop your Santa's Pub cherry...Saturday night!!!
Things to do today: get drunk and write my screenplay over, gon be up on mh roof
a lot of people today Ed- first time I've ever waited in line to cast my ballot! 1000 votes cast by 530 in my district.
Tired of boxes and piles of paper, we can help! #sandiego and using our services creates jobs for San Diegans!
OMG A SPIDER!!! SOMEONE KILL IT!!!!
How's your playing coming along?
Dont give up on faith just cus hope gave up on u.
Turn on your spotlight! We just made some major server upgrades!
Richmond #Kickers are staying at our hotel in Charleston. What time is the game tomorrow? Go Kickers!
Good dx on the way home tonight. 441 and i had a good 15 minute conversation
Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected.
Will get warm here next week. Meantime the nearby mountains got snow !
Happy Birthday to me 5/15 I was Delivered in #Naptown. The first child to be born in nap. My Roots #Mississippi Southern raised.
I guess I'm gonna take a nap. Nothing to do.
Being the least favorite kids in gifted <<<
Thanks for the retweet! We appreciate the support! Stay in touch
Martin had the clean block, Bledsoe had the clean hit of Parker. And by clean I mean a foul
Prodigy Lookin Bad on That Ustream Though ! (: Thanks For that Surprise lmfaoooooooo ! and you should follow back !
im pretty good what about you
Congratulations to Mountain State University for going live on Salesforce.com. Using Salesforce to Salesforce connector to share data with…
where the hell is she. omfg. im freaking tired as hell.
proud of you man.
I like making cry >:)
Can't slow down, too much evil in my rear view
Im SUPER HUNGRY!!!
All of this rain will hopefully lead to beautiful lilacs for the
OK St trying to shut AZ down
Families with no male present are much more likely to be poor, with adverse effects on child development and well-being.
Universal Magic!
At hardees they have those oreo ice cream sandwiches and i want one!!!!!
Happy Birthday to ! Can't wait to catch The Wonder Year...
Pleasure to serve and team this afternoon, best of luck tonight at 6pm on - We'll be watching!
I thought the game was over .. That's what I get for missing the first period LOL
We're booked Sat night w/our #UFConFox3 sponsored fighters and Tuxes&Tails event!
unfollowed me:o
oh and of course also and for other shows :)
I'm "cool" with the draft, but would like to see a couple of CBs with speed.
Some #meanttobe conversations are pointless!!!
Up at 4am this morning to help make apple butter out at the Field School. Good times, good times.
I just met the gentleman who created the Wild, Wonderful campaign for WVa. He said he really liked my use in Wild Wonderful Webs.
What the hell was that Damon?
Tiger's swing has new major faults. I hate to say it, but the truth: take a healthy body back to his old swing.
#gymflow tomorrow morning
hey did you have a great b-day tell me about it? Need to get together and chill, it;s been awhile.
I feel like i got punched in the chest.
At the circus with amber an this shit
Michael Vick just got jacked, I don't care for the Vikings but good for them.
if your a directioner go follow :)) x
wat can i do to get money???
are you sure... Never?
i was afraid of that otherwise you'd be the first person I called. I'll be up in nor cal soon though!
Congrats Bernadette Thompson of Cheswick who won tix and Zach Storf of Washington won tix today on FROGGY!
that's the best from your Cena column? Come on BR WWE page gives stupider comments than that.
Worked in the garden yesterday, come vegetables grow big and strong!
I think you meant "avoidable contact."
...and how old r u? Im asking because of your response, not to the gaming. RT Yes my dear, I am
Right back at you!
I know. I'd rather he get hit by a freaking train.
Just realized this morning how many studios I know my way around from my years working in the biz
RT we figured it out... now i really have to exercise! long day tom! school + work = headache.. plus start of my diet Day 1! :P
i'm a very stubborn person. nobody can really shake me of anything...regardless of what it is or who you are.
I really want to see Wanderlust...
Finally had a whole day to myself. Spent my time writing, reading fantasy, and baking.
I Could use your input on introducing a national initiative that will change Edu significantly and save Billions of $$$ 9204505404
jamiroquai - virtual insanity #nowplaying at the bar, I remember the music video & the big furry hat...
I was boughta say say something
Want a #lifestyle discount vacation $100 per night visit us
need a STAFF #ACCOUNTANT with heavy ACCOUNTS PAYABLE in Largo/ Clearwater - send resume ASAP
KEEP CALM AND LOVE CODY♥
Shins are perfect for "polishing" upcoming #12NTCProbono slides. Join me w/ at 3:30
Waitin to watch the announcement but don't expect any surprises. Wish our #boysinblue much success in the
Ugh! soo humid today!!
guess whos going to prom with me... jkkkk
My point was simply that the two situations are not the same.
#49ersLockerRoomPlaylist The Game - Wouldn't Get Far
Jammies are always acceptable, bring swim suite and desire to drink red wine in the hot tub later. LOL
RT : Sick of these jeffrey campbell high heels that every girl in the world are wearing and walking like chicken heads.
Chillin at steak n shake with the fam
Nice to "meet" you!
Chocolate is the best motivator there is! Anyone who doesn't get it done will be banned from my chocolate bowl for a week!
seriously the best sight to see. You ever see the opening scene in the movie Love Actually? That airport scene rocks, too.
I wish I lived the life of Rob Dyrdek.
yeah sometimes, not a bunch though, i got commitments now, you know?? lol
This is a career. As such there are many factors that play into it. What aspect specifically would you like more info about
lol! At least you tried!
I thought the movie started more slowly than you did. (Maybe because the early attack on SHIELD HQ didn't do much for me.)
I would. I just forget twitter exists sometimes. Stupid weed
Hi, welcome, Happy Friday, we have taken all the chairs in the area, and oh by the way we are here till 0730 hrs.
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience and opinions of Nike? Ping back for more info! :-)
oh i will! I'll hang it on my wall. Hahah
I punched kevin kinda hard , sorry kevin .
The choice is yours
haha i KNOW you are not talking Ms. President!
Yeah I feel you on that one.
Hot girls and cats?! I think you had the
Additional NEA future top growth rates: interior designers (19%), architects (16%), writers (15%), multi-media artists/animators (14%).
The pro-ACA supporters are increasing! (we don't like to wake up as early ;)
SAME :( RT Dear rain, I love you but please don't destroy my curls today. Love, the girl who never takes an hour on her hair.
Triple-Advil #fastpitch softball practice tonight. Ouch!
How Come its so easy to get Cody Simpson and Alli Simpson to follow you but its so hard to get to follow you? <3
So much to do today
not sure about the whole premise of this blog.....but, I do like where your heads are at. Great idea in theory. Keep up t/g/w!
watching the draft from twitter is already so awesome!!!
story of my life with !!!
Metadimensional Cinema is about to ping epidemic. It will Om its way into the divine matrix of the subconscious; fueling mass portals.
I need a doctor asap
Big 3rd down here. Don't want the pats to get the ball back here.
Last night's Mad Men episode left a Joan shaped hole in my heart.
Just got the newamerica. EP and you should def give it a download. Check it out @ newamerica.bandcamp.com
Can our teams BOTH start with a shutout????
were did you find the stuff on amazon? :)
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Crofoot. Special thanks to for being awesome. Excited to dive into another place and time
Steve Jones gets a nice pre-game tribute at the Rose Garden. We'll have much more with "Snapper" tonight on Sports Sunday.
Ribeyes, twice bakes, sweet corn and a really bad merlot in a really good glass
Rehearsal w Positone Records today for recording session Tues. Band: Jared Gold (Hammond B3 Organ), Dave Allen (Guitar), Mark Ferber (Drums)
Just bought #thehungergames movie tickets <333 12 more days. I better bring some kleenex..
So far worked out so i think he got lots of guts
not really. mostly rage and bitterness and helplessness. and now i assume i have to sue the owner, not building. sigh
NYC House takes over tonight with BORIS on deck! Get listed for OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm & COMP ENTRY! reply/
no worries. We are happy to give support.
I can't wait. Honestly.
Someone sent us a Christmas card today addressed to "the Petry's." Am seriously pondering the future of this friendship.
I'm Jewish and had a 30% off coupon. I must share my joy!
I wrote a spec about P&R and sent it to a writer who writes for Comedy Central and he said "Funniest Spec he has ever read!
STILL can't access your site due to MySQL error.
#Triathlon. It's a
Seeking a Ford Focus in WV --hard to come by. Make more please :)
Whoa!!!. hey . I have vids pics and all type of chit soon coming from the last couple shows. I hope you are doing good. :)
Happy Friday my fellow Tweethearts!!!
It took me a minute, but I finally worked out what you were saying. So...thanks, man.
Gary Johnson didn't miss much in this debate. Maybe he should tweet more stuff and make the rounds on news shows once more.
Luna Referendum Defense Fund, i.e. teacher pay backfill: so no need for Kestrel West to mount campaign?
From , Director of 'Rubber' Comes 'Wrong Cops'. A Short Film Starring to Play at Director's Fortnight
but it's actually been a lot warmer lately.(:
In addition to cool people like and Beth I'd also like to say Happy Birthday to Louis Daguerre. :)
'stache is wicked! Thumbs up
Minecraft - The Dropper Part 3 - The Kitchen -
Pretty weak, if true. RT Heard on Jersey radio Devils fans being told to throw rats on ice to get power play.
Feeling the creative vibe co-working at Green Spaces Denver!
We are really looking forward to announcing the venue, dates, and director for AN APOLOGY... Check back soon!
Shrine tonight??? RT : You know how we do!!! RT : Too old to drink like I did last night. Today is a bitch lol
HEY EVERY BODY FOLLOW AND ILL FOLLOW BACK
I don't know why though. What's jealousy going to fix? Not one thing if you ask me.
that's a fun place. Never been on a Friday, but bet its cool. Great night for it too.
I might play on my best friends softball team!
I think he did fabulous being injured, he hates to admit, &the defense kept sacking him over & over. No 1 person carries team
and the guy couldn't get to the top of the stairs before getting grabbed and hauled away
Thx for following and ! Let us know if can provide you with IT solutions!
#Spoiler On this week's Mad Men, Pete joins W.A.S.T.E.
not if I get shit for Boston from pacers fans
I can be manipulated only so many times; Before even "I love you" starts to sound like a lie
UH-O We Have A MuthaFuckin Problems.M.P.
at least during commercials haha
Show your ability to change the world: Those bright, young men and women want to work for leaders who share their passion for changin...
do you erase tweets? I'm waiting to throw you a party for tweet 300,000.
Idk why I like dirty convos....just do
At the Monona Dream Park with Carsten and Pretty cool place and zero tornadoes so far.
Check back with us and throughout the day as the times and locations come in for the high school playoff games this weekend
I tried out for Jeopardy once (I was just happy to answer all the Qs). Went to taping too. Trebek is a goofball irl. ;)
Had a good move in and now catching up on some reading.
but if you were here we could have hanq out..
"Bulls typify their city. They just grind it out."- J. Van Gundy
Winesburg, Ohio is literature's Wisteria Lane.
putting on make up & watching Whitneys funeral is a #badidea. Beautiful moment.
Mac & Cheese has got to be one of the best kid foods in the world.
it's in Middleton. I went there last weekend. Check out my pictures on facebook under mobile uploads!
Have I mentioned that this year's Welty Gala will be on Friday, October 21? We're glad it's coming back to Welty Weekend. More later.
Guy at the #SFGiants game reached across his wife and baby to grab a foul ball. Bounced off his hands to deck below. Wife displeased.
you don't know uhoh, you don't know your BEAUTIFUL !
Spotted on Monument Circle: the skateboarding bulldog is back!
being a Pack fan, I dislike all things Vikings, but LOVED your snitch comments. Well said. Bravo!
I cant believe you commentend on my status saying u love me when yesterday u wouldnt even let me talk to my newphew....
#IfIHadThePower to bring back one person from the dead it'd be 's mom
yes, but I was sad there wasn't a special playlist. Oh well. :/
Come to Five Guys Burgers and Fries today to support BASE Camp! 5-9 p.m. Proceeds all come back to BASE Camp to help families affected by...
You know you got to #raves when your trashcan is full of empty glowstick wrappers....
yeah whatever nigga, just let me know lol
Gettin' tiring hearing slammers begin every other sentence with "I". You too?
bro don't worry she'll be fine u see her on Wednesday in Spain
I didn't, I got into it with Barksdale the day after that one...
Do you work in NYC? Matthew
r ppl still tweetin?? i tink de're 2 busy watchin the show!!
I've done both, so I'd say everyone wants the same things: Quality work, on deadline. Do that for everyone & you're good.
...if I used a pink ribbon in a marketing initiative and was promoting something other than fighting women's cancers. We all...
I'm in the Club World lounge waiting for my flight to Copenhagen. How did a girl from #Hobart end up here?!
Deleting mad people... fuck these flaw people taking up my memory
I suggested they look at and CAA as examples of best practice
In seconds...one's life can change from the best...to the worst day of his life
I'm in the market for a legit bow tie, where would you recommend I seek one out?
you know the world is coming to an end when Paris Hilton is the voice of reason.
ah, I didn't know it wasn't an mmorpg... It's all good, I don't have a 360 either, lol
“: You Ain't Got Nothing Ona Buds My Boy ??”
god will never let the enemy have the last laugh!...
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
When people are sad.....
Byrd's famous Triple Chocolate Cookies! Made of cocoa powder, chocolate chips, and chocolate cream- taste so good!
happy mothers day to my little big cousin ....u will always be my pig
#IPrideMyself on how i listen to all genres of music, how else are you supposed to write music without different perspectives?
follow me please i love you so much <3 yolo
so now your stache is literally a shadow of its former glory?
My Swagger Is Just Out Standing...That's Why Niggas... #CantStandMe!!!
Just want to say, I love the President for a lot of reasons, among them his intellect and aim.
I was WONDERING when you were gonna get that thing finished...
RT : Awkward life w/ "
We love the sunshine!! University Village is offering Happy Hour drinks all day long today!
Yup, that and it makes you...intriguing
Did you get an early preview?
are you talking about the guy this weekend? Bridges? I was talking about a protester arrested today--the jerkstore shoved me.
I only understand about 5 words in this tweet.
Rooting for and , long may and success continue
Yes, & I now go there! RT Yup, smoking ban has nearly destroyed bars/restaurants. Try Knight's before 8:30 (w/o wait)
Let's see with and me :) Check out our pix :)
told my sis "shut up freak of nature" her response was "hey I'm not a freak of nature Im a freak of city" In an extremely unattractive voice
I've worked for 4 years in the Strip District and just this week made it to Andy's Sushi Bar at Wholey's. Tuna Kiwi sushi!
hope i feel better so i can play tommorow.
I would buy that! Your pics are always amazing!! =)
Though the pen is mightier than the sword, the sword speaks louder and stronger at any given moment.
Thank you for being the bestest friend in the WHOLE WORLD!!
Texans are signing Keenum. I'm pleased with this.
As you say, see what you want to see, cuz ELWAY's first 13 years based on that formula.
Yes. What's your favorite song, video, album? Sorry for all those questions just very excited haha :)
I was making my case for LBJ being the best defender in the NBA yesterday. Friend's response: "a superstar can't be the best defender".
more Nuggets slander!? Funny no mention about win over Boston on Sat.. This team will make a run come playoffs
Great producing / editing on this new series.
Bobcats went off this year!! 7-59
life goes on..
#job #LA #Android - Onsite contract near LAX, 3 months -- Good rate! Contractors only please. Link up w/me for details.
Every day, I try to be grateful for something. Today, I'm grateful that is my friend.
I love benadryl. Couldn't live without it.
I give up on you. I cant believe I actually tought I had a chance.. Well Goodnight Beauties<3
An hour to kick off and I have plays posted from 130 cappers so far with 4 consensus from thier plays and more to come..Off a 1-0 Friday
Is it just me or is 2012 starting to look like the year of Amazon?
You're young! Where are you from?
i think people write best when they're happy but think they're writing best when they're sad.
I think the Charlie Pride biopic would be more interesting in my book. RT : Lena Horne could be great
The time suck that #drawsomething has become...is so worth it! Best game ever!
My pleasure! ;-)
Your the perfect husband for me <3.
It fucking boils my fucking blood.
you've never seen before? Shy, not one of my qualities. Lol. Thank you doll!
Thanks for the shout out! We love you guys!
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra
okay well ill be at the game today! And the practice before! Haha
I love someone who can make me laugh even when i'm in a very bad mood.
Vegas should be scared of us!! LOL
You have to walk that mile in the worn in, comphy shoes. Not the fancy dress shoes.
appreciates your continued use/promotion of all things QWiPS. And yes, we think you should you for questions!
i love to drink Vitaminwater <3
Wowzers...people are fucked up... follow up tweets in the am
It's such a cold gray day. I can't wait for friday and I will start a new set of drawings.
finally some prime-time Knicks action for us west coast people... is going to have a huge night
Hope everyone is having is great day. Weather is nice today and will be even nicer tomorrow! Loving the spring weather.
Everyone's Sayingg Different Count Down Numbers! Lol ,just go watch (((((:
Let's get back on track. Do it.
You fucking flirt with so many guys and then you wanna date all of them. Man gtfo. i aint neva gonna date you, quit actin like a fool.
Oh no! Onomatopoeia!
The feeling of accomplishment comes when being retweeted and favored
Rest up before my insanity workout
NFL steals the night. Santorum, Newt, and Huntsman suffer.
We think its an Island Style Lobster BLT-type of day. What are you craving?
Today has been boring as fuck.
i just emailed u
A little rudeness & disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wills & add drama to an otherwise dull day.
those are my flip flops you're referring to. . .
Just live, and shut up, and I don't even know, but I'm just so frustrated because some people just don't appreciate what they are.
Would it be fair to say that you are a Pelagian? And who in your view isn't a heretic? Finney?
What movie did you watch?
i feel u on that
dang u globe trottin'
On set shooting a sketch on Tosh.0 today!!!
sorry sucia. I know u needed this
Dam wonder wat time the kar show begin
Bridge on the River Kwai!
I see in you what you cant see in yourself and I take the privilege to help bring it out
if yu not wit me now.. dont expect 2b wit me when i get to the top. do exactly wat yu doin now.... watchin
LMFAO. WHERE'D YOU GET THAT FROM?
Damn 500 Tweets Can U Say Twitter Junkie #FuckIt #IDoItAll #ItProblemsHoe #HoeGoHam Im Gone G.F.B. 414 Damage Mode
If she cut her bangs/hair a different way, put on makeup, and had me buy clothes for her, she could be really gorgeous maybe.
Lol you really like to play with my emotions don't you
no way I'm listening to that too<3
Hell yeah. Were adults and its fun to tell others how sexy they are. Like u >:)
It'll be hard but I'll never give up on this. I swear. :*
I don't go to church like I should but I'm constantly praying. . . I'm slowly changing and I'm doing it all for my son ily Te'On
I'm watching Chelsea - Barca, I'm so ready for the podcast!!!
Jerk chicken tasty!
Goodnight Mahomies and goodnight ♥
Just watched a fantastic cut of our film Junction. It rocks
11am show this morning for school groups at Times Square Arts Center
ENGLISH AP EXAM 2RW! AH!!!!!! MY BRAIN IT HURTS! LOL Wish My Ass Luck, Imma Need IT!
Omw to B.K with the fam
Been so weakened by allergies this whole week. Not going to gym and been eating fat and carbs a lot
If they make The Dance let's hope the schedulers show mercy on all of us and slot them in the Thursday 12pm'er
#Packers draft DE Nick Perry with the 28th pick in the
wait, you have a wife!?!?!? Congratulations!
second half was exciting but it never should have been that close and leads lost. No help from Bench get it together and win Wed.
The new pepsi next, makes you burp hella! XD
Moms- What advice can you offer to new Moms as they enter #motherhood?
did you just disappear from Facebook?
Free tour today at 4pm! Stop by!
I thought the first half of the movie was hilarious. The second half I just rolled my eyes the whole time!
Guys. The green room at is LEGIT SWANK. Also Lily&James' sound check sounds hot.
Making 53 million last year made Justin Bieber the richest teen in the world
Not too bad buddy, its not like its a thursday or anything??
We invite you to follow us for great news on CRE, the SBA and the environment. We also help with any Phase I ESA that you need
Thanks a million!
Congrats on the 20th anniversary of #BSSM That album got me started playing bass at 12 & was a gateway drug to the world of funk
RT ": Am I the only one who feels like an iPad folio case with keyboard built in is overkill?" - Depends on your use case.
Just got home from a great night & had some breakfast. It's 7am & the sun is rising. That's partying in Salamanca for ya. :) Now, bed time!
damn twitter FOLK!!!
Just wondering if Souther California is the best place in the whole world to live!
drew beringer is the worst tweeter jn the history of teitter
Hoping that #NASPA12 Purposeful Sharing will be included on DVD AND featured on web. More to come!
...your new stuff is so good. Thanks for the inspiration. :)
I meant to put a y but u no how these iPhones be with the touch pad
miss you girlyy!
Hello America, the hottest 2012 presidential candidate is back on twitter central ready to get America back on track www.bruzzesiforpres.com
One student wrote "Are people really freaking out about gender discrimination? #bleedingheartliberals"--not kidding.
Good luck “: Just took a vow of celibacy.”
Married to the game. . . . . but he broke his vows
Don't come on me like that with "so weird" only two words be a big girl and tell me what's you are on about
N.O. history!!!
is high as the sky
The general rule of thumb is,"If you are asking the question, it's been too long."
Online Course:How to Start and Operate your own Home-Based Business - now updated for Canada! www.thehome-office.com The HBB expert, Helene
Bon Appetit! :) RT Thanks The Newsroom is feasting on the fine food you dropped off
when will there be a new blink 182 album out? I'm dying ..... hahah
thanks for coming in and we are glad you enjoyed it!!!!!
Wendy Williams looks like she suppose to be in the NFL!!!
The digital divide is real...in many areas of the country. We can't forget any of them.
I love how were all ganging up on you. Every single one of us
this Thursday!! CRS?&APX1 - FREE!! All vinyl All night!! @ Crazy Horse 3 Obsession.. Josh Swissman, Rize, Chuck B, Tasha, Bpss, & Specialist
The audience signs are so funny.
Loves the new store in Chicago on Ohio street!
I have a friend looking for contract/freelance UX/UI designers and front-enders (HTML/CSS/jQuery) for immediate projects. Ping me please.
Yea:p
You have no idea the last time I drank bud light.
dear alarm crock, to make it simple, I hate you.
WTF?! You dump him!!!
happy bday to us
RT : It's Adventure Time time!
Clue # 2 beer lovers: Once you arrive, look for Laura at the bar! Stay tuned for where you'll be heading!
no problem! Be sure to come to San Antonio soon so I can go and see you guys live. I'm gonna try to learn your music on guitar!
will you follow me back, please? :)
Free student tickets to the ISEPP Lecture: Lisa Randall presenting Knocking on Heaven's Door at Schnitzer Concert Hall. Tonight at 7:00PM.
San Diego get to tonite! Party time muzik 9p-close!
Be sure to pick up the Post-Gazette today for an article about Point Park baseball page D-4.
thank you
lol ok ! How your summer been ?
Very successful #SportsTacklesCancer event on Thursday night! Thx from to Chicago
Idc!!! I like my poster!
YES!yes!YES! RT My biggest complaint about audiobooks is I can't skim through the dull parts.
#RobertsFreaky XD I love you robert(:
Randomly discovered a Bosnian Bieber. This kid is amazing! And he'll write us a song for the film! Go Leon Samuel Majcen!
so good to see you playing today!! Go AFC!
USA LOVES BIEBAHHH!
the radio guy!!!:)
Robin says holographic storage maybe reborn
Oh, my goodness...magical...just magical. And as usual, I teared-up at the wonder of it all.
Organization tip 2 from - use the 5 D's approach to your work: drop, divert, down-sized, delegate, do.
Hahaha idk I assumed you where somewhere in the vicinity of fine females. Isn't that your usual locale? lol
RT : That's fucked up to fail twelfth grade &amp; have to repeat that bitch though.
I just want to be wit him rite now <3
Thank God for this lovely day. Live well, love much, laugh often. Appreciate the blessing of life, and the ability to just breathe.
oh that would have been nice too! Sorry u couldn't. I had no such plans-am at home doing #genealogy :-)
Oh the places you'll go.
Hanging in there, just like baby. :) I'm getting anxious to know if we're having a boy or girl! Sleep last night was rough. :(
Officially a member of Lambda Pi Eta! Great speech by guest speaker Dr Fyke at the induction ceremony tonight
So grateful for this beautiful day the Lord has created.
I think I had the same driver!
there were tweets from Grunny and Oliver Grigsby saying "We went there!" something about a cockroach...
trio doe
Happy Birthday Man! Enjoy
"Happy" anniversary.
Finally figured out how to get online at this Starbucks...now I can properly procrastinate in writing my thesis.
Lisa Raye here I come
Leaders are the heart of the organization - bring calm & reason to situation
I really can't wait for the boyfriend music video honestly it looks amazingly epic :)) !!!!!!!!!
See if you can channel some of that mental clarity of this way. I am doing better than usual
Goodnight Bellingham for the last day this week. I will miss you!
Running away like Zola - Times LIVE
oh wow... Thing of beauty.
THANK YOU to all the volunteers who worked so hard to gather over 1 million signatures for the
I used to want to punch cyr in the face when he'd say "time to fail them all, or just ms. Velasquez"
Treat yourself to #Free tix to MACBETH starring Ty Jones #NYC -- follow for more info
#Imagine You feel two soft lips placed on your cheek and open your eyes. You see a pair of twinkling eyes. Liam:''Morning babe!''
Helping families to detox their home and reclaim their health with online support, resources, organic and safe shopping. Plus a free ...
Anybody else tired earlier on Friday nights than any other day of the week?
sorry for the scare, LA s goal was called back, 1 - nil Sporting
Come on gentlemen, we're burning daylight here....
Up late, working on my clients' summer vacations; Caribbean Resort, destination wedding, and cruises.
its not that bad
I really gotta start focusing
I would but I only had that realization myself recently. heh.
Check out Victoria's Secret's sexually suggestive Toronto Blue Jays–branded ... - Toronto Life (blog)
Who will dunk three balls now?
OH: have you ever tried a kusshi? (pronounced it coochi). Answer: um... Yes!!
wats good people's. Wats yalls email. I got a track from cboogs I want y'all on. Let me know if y'all cant rock wit it
ringringring!!! Hi Mailee!!! How's it goin?! Thanks for following!! Happy #Friday! love,
Agreed, the roster math makes no sense otherwise.
“: An old QB oppsosed 2 a young one? Jealous of Tebow?" so an unproven young qb should start over an older HoF qb?
ah, gotcha. yo, i'll be in there tomorrow for the Karmin deal. i'll give you a hug.
I miss all ma old friends.
You are invited to enter the Win a Stuffed Hamburger Press giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
We are looking for software engineers to talk to about our calculator project and we need education professionals to talk to about the SBIR…
My ankle hurts like a mofo. I thought this shit was supposed to be fixed a while ago.
like 2 opposite kinds of monologues
So who thinks Vigneault is going back to Vancouver
has braided her hair into a mormon crest and is now sorting through a box of buttons.
Gerontocracy, rule by elders, is becoming a thing of the past. Across the nation, young people are organized to Youth'n ® Up the government.
Canine Hip Dysplasia is the most commonly inherited orthopedic disease in dogs & afflicts more than 50% of dogs in some breeds.
Wednesday is the day yo!
Caleb just loves calling people on my phone, He's called everyone in my contacts! He's so sweet.(:
Uh...RT : It's up to Barry Zito to prevent the Giants from their first 0-4 start since 1950. Seriously.
Well I guess since my 16th birthday was in august almost 2 years ago...I should really get on that driving thing....
#humpdayfollow why thank you!
Do any of you SB gals have some good recommendations for compression socks for our pal The S-Unit?
Donald Ray Pollock's sophomore effort, THE DEVIL ALL THE TIME, drops tomorrow.
Somethings wrong if yo dogs dick is bigger than yours
saw that someone scratched your car door. Just thought you should know.
Omg girl I miss you too!!!! Lol I still have out beautiful drawing of Tina the giraffe thingy on my wall ;)
$85 Micro Special! Clear away sundammage and skin left rough from too much summer fun with a effective and non invasive microderm treatment!
Le sigh, Twitter... le sigh.
doin some yoga to stretch out my muscles. They're super tight :(
no I love u
"become a better writer" to improve communication.
Braves are on tv today.
Dream Job has just been added to the ROCK STEADY show-this Sat. at #JBs in #Kent OH w/ Northern Whale, Attic Dreams &more
Thanks for the retweet!
Some fat girl just said so fuck me maybe I almost threw up
So many wonderful things on the horizon I'm about to burst!
I thought u lived in St Louis lol I'm not from there
Iight well I message you
praying for the people of #Joplin <3
nice, glad you're enjoying it. Come visit me in NY!
Happy Easter!
I earned my gold card today.
Beer brewing talk way over my comprehension
Isn't She Lovely? Isn't She Wonderful? Isn't She Precious? ♥
James harden is cold nigga got a nice game
lol life as a nurse my friend. Been here since 530 last night and I'll be here til at least 11 proly :-(
B sure to check out the Scholastic arts showcase 80 brilliant works by middle & high school students. I was impressed!
naturally! Thanks for your support as well.
Thank you for all the support. Tweets from
I think I need to poop
Artists, are you connecting with your fan base? #what are yoi waiting for
You're very welcome - it was great!
Oh no. Feel better, !
LegalShield - Identity Theft Shield can protect you against Identity Thieves. www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
well just remember who you have a date with tomorrow night, Messner can watch if he wants.
(Haven't been tweeting much; but I am still in here.)
Tim, it's my job...lol. But you got this though!!!!
60-70% of users are women ages 25-44 and from West, Central and Southern states
Can I come over?
at Beauty and Essex in the Lower Eastside - NYC
POTUS: “I want women to control their own health choices, just like I want my daughters to have the same opportunities as your sons.”
Happy mothers day to the real moms out there
Training at tonight!
Here we go. JCSU vs Chowan 3pm Time Warner Cable Arena! Winner moves on to the Championship! #GOLDENBULLNATION STAND UP!
They say she's a dime,..I say she underrated.
I'd love to go skating.
these internal pop-ups are killing me!
You're very welcome! Snow days keep us busy, but we love it!
Thank you!!!
Thanks ! A good time was had by all. I always wonder, after a conversation like that, if we will be invited back.
'You tweet too much'. WTF. THAT'S THE POINT. TO TWEET. TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET.
Sac Mac is short for our famous Balzac Mac and Cheese!
The results for this hashtag are amazing.
Has a new hero
haha right me either(:< they shouldnt give a fuck about us.!(;
“: Yayayaya first swim of the season” jealous.
I would like to sincerely thank the people at Lollapalooza for announcing this years lineup and subsequently saving me $230.
Thank You
RT Its official. I'll be speaking at Fitness Bloggers Conference in Boulder, CO June 25. See you there? Yes!
How the hell was that a foul on lebron?
soccer this early kills me
I would LOVE to see in your magazine because she is amazing and deserves it So much (:
don't think he's THAT good.
I hope that is true. Otherwise I am very, very disappointed at the
Ann Powers of NPR Music: panelists represent global city and defy genre categorization.
Denise Armstead - dancer/choreographer, teaches horseback riding.
In dance class bored!:/
HAPPY bday to LISA roger's BDAY bash in HOUSTON tonight...
Looking forward to upcoming short film called "Deadline" in which I play a mother with an ultimatum. Shooting is in July.
I'm here to make a killing so say hello to the feeling cause in this day that we're living, the nice guys finish last;
Also, this Twitter following limit thing is infuriating.
Search for the seed of good in every adversity. -Og Mandino
no I do need it, boys always need there guns lol
Thats the stuff you #twitter ninja! RT : . Thanks for the tip
Shout out to Henry from SS Web for Bringin 3 kickass bands down to LoCash Last night! Time to ReLoad. JC
help me get more wailen followers? C:
I think I like The Pains of Being Pure At Heart. Shit.
hahaha it was great. I cant wait to actually meet you haha
Like i love you
Several client events coming up for the month of July. More to come later.
mob wives is amazing!!! You're awesome Karen
Ppl at clark crazy lmao
too good not to share with co-workers and friends... thanks for saving me a blog post! :-)
Jennings fumbled
are her initials E.M? And if so what did she say
lol you always up! I miss you too! Do you have a date for boot camp yet ?
The #NHL playoffs are crazy! LA Kings 8th seed knocking out both the 1(4-1) and two(4-0)seeds? Fan of any sport must appreciate that!
OH: "I'm drinking scotch and pushing code, hang on a sec" <-- love my new job
And Donner.:) Lol. I know, I have to go get nomz for them.
I'm loving this switch up episode of #glee!
just to verify: meeting you guys Sunday, 6pm, in front of Pinhook, right?
I don't know why I took the day off. I should took my ass to work
Congrats Matt,
Only 2 of those 33 cities are in the US, only 4 US cities in the top 50. How is S. America's prevalence the fault of the US?
My life is organized by jotting down important information on tiny scraps of TextMate windows.
I should have went out to eat.
Dear life, when I said can my day get any worse it was a rhetorical question not a challenge
“: You said i could trust you #guessnot”
Hello Twitter world. Ready for a whirlwind of a week? 4 To-do lists made and now to begin checking things off...
Y I'm getting sad n crying cause I'm doing my invitation Omg like it feel like a dream Omg please wake me up
im awake..but not alive yet, havent had enough coffee yet..lol
After the radio interview walking by the same building where I got #laid #off just follow your
Sent that link to a few weeks back... Impressive isn't it?
congratulating Margaret Singer of Su Casa: "Immigrants, immigration is the back bone of our country."
chillin in the men's room, washing my hands when this big dude busts in & runs to the stall...I'm out, cuz shit's about to get REAL in here!
If you not tweet me,i'm sad.So someone can tell to Ariana tweet me?
I've definitely pulled that out for previous workshops. :) We have a YouTube video too.
pm me and Ill tell you my rates
Still there's no place I'd rather be.
No, , you are wrong!
Did you guys film the finale today?!?
The more I delve into UX Design, the more intrigued and fascinated I become. A change in my career path may be in the works.
awww thanks! And of course you are
The action shot! Me, recovering from the publishing experience, hoping to write something soon. What about u?
Baby feeding me cookies
Wow I had a veggie sub w veggie pattie for lunch and mixed salad with tofu, soy nuggets, and vegetable pasta for dinner.
If it's not too much trouble, that'd be great. You're a doll, Alison.
Huge thanks to my Public Storage manager. So nice to meet someone that takes pride in what they do.
swamps and mountains are where its at.
Letting go doesn't mean you've stopped caring, it means you stopped trying to force someone to care.
Today Joonbug takes over
Santa is at the Space Needle and looks like he walked off the set of Star Trek! He'll be up on the O Deck today through Sat. from 11am-5pm.
BAD DAY :(
Today is dragging! On a totally different note, Urkle to be on #DWTS though I'm sure Jaleel White would rather not be referred to as Urkle
How's your day?!
Right on. That is the way to live.
Lol you still got it I see
Happy birthday <3
Morris Claiborne looks nice. True?
always the hard way.
Thanks Nikki! I appreciate all and any support. :)
text me
I keep forgetting that it's winter. Oh wait...
I don't judge.
As soon as this download completes I will be the proud owner of Adobe Creative Suite 5.5. Cheers to THAT
Confidence is the feeling you sometimes have before you fully understand the situation
Good Luck Tomorrow Beat the Cards!!!
Music legends Wiz Khalifa and Snoop Dogg in DC tomorrow night at 9:30 club
planning a fashion show on satug13th..Columbus Commons!! Dj's,food&drinks and models in cool clothes!! what more do you need???
Anyone ever get their wisdom toofs pulled out?
i like him but he broke my heart once and now im scared
No, dear, please don't help your crippled fiance bring in the heavy wet clothes out of the pouring rain. Really, it's fine.
picked on by who?
Two great museums! Hope you enjoyed your visit! :)
on a twitter binge where my dog speedy and get ready for this new Ray lavendor video song crazy
#OneThingIHate When people use the letter 'z' in stead of an 's' like it's supposed to be.
nicky nick! 
Thank you really appreciate it :)
Ugh... Nough said...
RT : Oh yeah? Well, you know who I *can* insert the value NULL into? YOUR MOM.
niggas will do anything just to get a female nowadays
can't understand how people in the richest country of the world think health is a luxury.Masses so eager to stay in poverty?
I should learn to be thankful...but I was way over dressed for my walk home
yep. Came back a couple of weeks ago.
omfg i love aiden so much
True RT 9 out of 10 women throw like a girl.
I've never needed to be impressed by someone's talent more than I wanted to be entertained. Who care how GOOD someone is - if they're dull?
#RegionalFinals already! Drink some $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups to forget about your bracket if it was dead wrong.
I HATE when a MINI VAN passes ME.. BeatN Down The BLOCK #ItsLikeREALY#
So Happy you liked the sugarcane juice!
Well tell me when it's on :P
Saints fans could use a little Glee right now
Had a great time at in Kigali, Rwanda. The property is gorgeous and I loved seeing your orphan homes!
If Ur mean to there's something wrong with u
RT : Super great to hear that downloading books at is a smooth process for you, Hooray!...
Just 6 hours until the big #NCAA championship basketball game. Go #Jayhawks!
And what would you have received in return? (cc ).
Wow!!! “: Record crowd 35,000 throughout the day. Thank you! See you next year- May 4, 2013! #ROC”
Liquor > wine > beer >
#BabyBashBling welcomes as Swag Bag Contributor AND products to models for "Bump the Runway"
O - Fair by on Spotify. Makes me crave Garden State.
Love your new avatar. Work it, pretty lady!
Sbk Does have some kind of chip on his shoulder, Fat and smokes to much LOL, U ever met hIm?
lol wow i guess a lot of people are watching beauty and the beast lol xD
5 horses finished second in the Wood Memorial and won the Kentucky Derby
Cutie pie cats!! :)
OMG! Me too! We would definitely be the coolest kids in school! ;)
almost time to laugh our asses off!
Tht movie was kinda tight tho ...
Big ShoutOut To The Omega's Of Richmond! #TweetsByMe definitely supports you'll! We can send you'll free shirts!
Hey Drizzy, thanks for your support man!
Oracle WebCenter Sites Builds On FatWire Foundation
Who else was hurt like Aaliyah was ur best friend or sister when she passed? My moms said she was really worried about how hard I took it.
We offer affordable and flexible plans to suit the needs of your child.
#basketballwives its getting to the point where they need to hop off Jennifer click. Her name stay in they mouth
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  41
Max Snow handles beautiful forms, anonymity, and desire on film. Not "headless" but faceless.
Forgive me if I'm hearing the Jefferson theme in my head -- my likes keep "movin' on up"! Thanks
nice! I'll definitely be cranking that tonight haha
Ready to get wild tonight :)
oh yeah i forgot to mention that on my bday part of my tooth fell out. luckily it didnt hurt at all n just chipped off
wouldn't know what hit him if he went out on the town with and I. Portland style episode of Entourage lol
Anderson Silva will you please actually fight next time I love your ability but sometimes you just chose not to fight
Today's #Pricing Tip: Using a search engine leads to price transparency- and that's how many customers start out
I am sitting in a social enterprise alliance board meeting you should check us out (working on web presence now)
#30thingsaboutme #1. I majored in business, but I'm now running a catering business. You never quite know where life will lead you!
Just straightened my hair, and now watching the
you should come to Florida for like a week :)
I agree! My friend Stacey was the mastermind behind it.
RT "The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more." ~ Jonas Salk
have fun :D
Tipsy with no boyfriend around <<<<
Just got the first of my SAG screeners in the mail. Know what I'm going to be doing tonight! SCORE!
Have a beautiful day, plus you look very cute in ur pic
Thats weird, why would a random person ask someone to watch a box of soaps? Haha
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
It's impossible to please everyone. I'm interested in learning how to handle the naysayers and haters on social media. Got examples?
xoxo how many tattoos do u have ??
do you have any mktg posters you can send me for the store? Thx
of course! I am a huge fan of ACE
Our aspirations are our possibilities. Robert Browning
things R bigger in Texas. How bout a TX Roll with shrmp, avocado, cream cheese, wrap w/crab, wasabi cream sauce, eel sauce & sriracha
anytime - keep up the relevant writing
Discounted memberships available! only until Oct. 15!
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Remember, there is no bad publicity – whether good or bad, publicity is good for business.
I have been !
So remember to rejoice in his name n praise god to day n ask him for his forgiveness for our sins n let's start off new aman
you hosted a great event at , we are excited about benng involved.
RT : Speaking with from this morning on social media. #AAMKT --> Nice!
“The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.” Elbert Hubbard
Who, except for everyone who watches ncaa ball, would have thought lawson would turn out better than j. flynn? #nba #twolves #nuggets #kahn!
What do you call a sports pub that loses signal & balloons block TV? FAIL. Missed second #Capitals goal but settled in new bar. Go #Caps!!
Had really fabulous lamb and brussels sprouts at Flora with , my first time there
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people only call or text me when they wants something
When I leave town, I can listen to the Pandora station made & it's like he's with me. I'm allowed to be a sappy wife on occasion.
#WeLoveOurKidrauhl :') I love him SO much like u guys know...u understand. AH I LOVE HIM. LOOOOVEEE LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOOVVEEEE <3 LOVE
we should write a letter to sr Martha but not say who it's from
oh awesome!! And yes, me and Matthew are great<3 thanks for asking!
Thanks for following me Ben!
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
boom strike!
Another great outing by Mark Buehrle. Hopefully the pen can nail it down for him. (via )
The other side
u know it super loud
I'm so touched by all the love demonstrated today. Let's keep working to eliminate hate and intolerance throughout the world.
The procedure will be blamed, but the procedure is not the problem.
Maurice Chevalier~ Old age is not so bad when you consider the alternatives.
Life isnt so bad! Listening to Say Anything, cleaning, prepping for garage sale Friday
Friendlys with my dad, grandma, and uncle. Them 's house for her birthday ~
Happy Mother's Day to all Mom's
RT : ERR announces 2012 social media challenge! tweet using #abalel or post to ERR's linkedin group.
Can't lose what you never had, can't keep whats not yours, and can't hold on to something that does not want to stay"
Your Love
Trying to install this new music software. It's failed 4 times... 5th time's the charm?
About to get my butt kicked by
“: Johnny Damon????????” Is nomar garciaparra available too?
cauae everyteam goes thru their good times & bad times barcelona happens to be goen thru their good time rught now it wont last
My heart go's out to the victims of the earthquake in Japan. Let's do what we can to give them the support they need.
agreed >RT : I say this constantly. RT : Pretty much amazed by twitter.
Why do i have to go to school today! Just to sleep in every class?
You have a fascinating portfolio, especially Spain & Portugal. Would you consider a selection of samples for review on my blog?
I need a nap before I go home to sleep.
I gotta start wearing my glasses :(
indeed! Pressure is in to get glam before the great american clean up on 4/21.
The Packers really are unreal!! I'm watching this Bears game, wondering if they can even score 3 points!
BVEN Boutique is looking for quality, current up to date resale for consignment. Designer pieces appreciated. Please email...
oh alright. Yeah he's tryin to figure out if he should do it through chc or not but there should be enough people to go to it
First bid of $500 is in! Do I hear $600?!
yeah I figured it out lololol
Hi Kris with all of the investigations you've done has there been any one that scared you?
It would be so fun to ustream with the Castronovos! Lol We would have such a GRAND time being weird. (;
Seriously. Imagine 7th grade movie theater makeouts except on the sidewalk in broad daylight. On the crowded metro.
Good morning sweet healthy souls 👼🙏 "fall in love with jesus"
Then u know more than I. Just seems to be one of those rare areas where some of our theo statements have undercut justice pursuits
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Denton!
Q: What store do you usually do the most shopping at when you visit Charlottesville Fashion Square?
It has been awesome seeing u back on the air in Morning
that sounds like a Rx for happiness!
we will see
Quinoa Keenwah ~ Wht fabulous Foodie! Versatile:Noodle (think Mac n Cheez w Peas or Goulash), Cereal (w Soymilk & Raisins), Smoothie, Casser
be sure to take a picture of it and tweet it :)
Attempting to find a way back to NJ sooner than the next avail flight ... which is Thursday.
(Re)collections: Trauma, Collective Memory and the Archive panel at USC Doheny Library
baby it's #notjustyou just purchased it on iTunes
Ahaha you're the third person to say this to me
thanks for spreading the news!
What #drinkspecials do #venues typically offer? Would you buy/sell a #coupon in advance to offer/get a good deal? www.Shastic.com can help u
Two faced bitches <<
I can't wait to get out of this house. No more cats, no more yelling, no more fighting, no more broken doors, and no more fucking step dad.
Motivation and big thinking is contagious! Thanks for sparking the fire!
I'd like more _______, please. Fill in the blank.
it was last week. reviving the hash tag. may be beating a dead dog haha
To all you people screaming about Troy Davis what if he did do it? He was still at the scene attacking someone. He wasn't a good man.
i don't know, ask flaiz.
RT: SALE - mark your calendars!!! icont.ac/dzZr I'm excited!
BizchangerZ’ provides your very own EXTREME WEB MARKETING MAKEOVER
Is Jordan Crawford injured or did Wittman just bury him on the bench?
Big SACTO event tonight! 11 of the 15 Sierra Vintners wineries will be sharing their wines w/ the 700+ audience at the new airport terminal!
Applying For Jobs So I Can Take You Places ✈✈✈ #HappilyTaken 👍👌
nice job next to the
2cloud would beat you.
Christmas movies and homework all day! Something I love and something I hate.... I guess it kinda balances out.
you have to look at who's angry with the comments. I'd be willing to bet most of the public agrees with Harbaugh.
Until tomorrow
Live and in tweet: and
good choice he is my 2nd fav. But I love niall :)
upgrading sound gear soon. after #TCIE is over though. then i can really use it
fanny pak, you need to go, you had your chance
maybe you will have to do price is right style...closest without going over!
Annuncio was shot in 60fps and looked like a home movie till we took it down to 24. Your mind is programmed to 24fps
Where can I donate old prescription glasses? I know I've seen bins, I just don't remember where!
I'm a recent #Hootsuite convert as well. Love it! RT Oh my god, Hootsuite! Where have you been all my life?
thats hella akw... but how long u wanna b single?
It's freezing out ⛄
If u niggas so real ..why yall gotta keep reminding everybody all the time
Friday greeted me with a mash up of Lady Gaga's "Edge of Glory" and Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks" in my brain... what?
Happy Flash Friday!!!!
my pleasure
Best of luck with the special!
Thanks for RT :)
ah. Well, its midnight here and im working the graveyard shift
At least it works on iOS! Maybe we should, at some point, find an audio only streaming provider. In fact I know Mixlr is great
walking down memory lane this morning...nostalgia with my AM coffee
thx for follow! Love love love God is Dead (story & book). Curious: which came 1st: idea to name Powell, or not (as in The Sun)?
Dear Vegas, may I have my soul back?
#JetBlue is having another PR weather-related nightmare. Are they the only airline leaving people for 7 hours? If so, why?
I'm doing very well! Almost all my injuries have healed, I just have some trouble with my ankle still - I'm very lucky tho!
bit by a dog during my run this morning.. 2 puncture wounds, scratches, bruising, swelling & a police report later.. I just wanna take a nap
snagged a reservation for us at Aviary tonight for cocktails! : ) What to get??
you heard mayday parade's new song?
awesome! we'll have to chat about project mgt soon! and, i would love you to meet Imogen ... be forwarned ... she's 100% octane!
Just thought I should let ya'll know that our BIG upcoming event will be this Saturday June 18!!!
I'll need you guys to follow me, so I can send you some information :)
User experience is about more than usability. What is purpose, who is intended audience? Is content presented consistently?
ugh, i can't stand phishing scammers...
My favorite post partum exercise was swimming and pool exercise with baby...
Pittsburgh. Lord have mercy.
our product helps to bring back intimacy in a relationship by resparking the "fire". We have arousal creams to help as well
Today is Friday. Friday = GAME NIGHT! Bring it!
Hilary Swank & Sam Rockwell's work in Conviction was absolutely incredible. Voting this year is so tough. Everyone's so deserving.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😰
For the next 2 hours swing by Rackhouse Pub and get the deal shown here: FREE BACON SUNDAY W/ THE NFL TICKET!
if I were cynical, i might say the recession is being induced by those who want a new white president
Is that your cat or is my twitter desktop caching an old icon where you have a fuzzy animal around your neck?
awesome! We'd be ok with that too :)
love you.
just started today and I love it!! Thanks for watching!
when things don't go as planned <<< ugh
Am I the only one who thinks this sounds messed up? comes to Miami oftenly and I haven't met him o.O
Stare at things and create mindless conversation? 0.0
Indeed. I often forget that the ironic mustache I grew for charity 2 yrs ago still defines me on Twitter. Still keeping it!
The Last Waltz is an amazing film. I should really go out and buy that now that you've reminded me.
he sho do!
I but a collection bin next to both my offices meters for that exact purpose.
If she not down for you, dont be down for her.
Get ready for massive voilent riots when G Zimmerman is found not quilty. Be prepared.
Nice! How are things at #sxsw??
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!
Wow, that is really a neat way to welcome someone
Just got trained...just great...
My daughter puts bits of Kleenex on her popped zits the way my father used to use them on his shaving cuts.
sub in english..score
hurry up cause we're gonna go out to eat!
yeah what he said
Please "like" my ART facebook page. Like art? Me too.
same here my g-ur beats inspire me to make my beats bang harder!
I start my day everyday by thanking God!
Johnny Bravo's on!
Sometimes I can't even force myself to ask the question why because that word is too basic & that question isonlyworthyofonewordedanswers.:)
Me, too... :/ RT Have already had to restart Outlook 3 times today, hope this isn't a prediction of how the day will go...
sounds fantastic!!
I will be doing a song with and be on the look out for it
I'm just hoping this computer keeps working even when the network is down. :)
Thank u for tweeting about TeachingBooks!
Guess I'll workout tomorrow even though it's my off day. Cause I ain't doing squat this weekend
oh wow can't wait to read it :)
Today in Invention History: Jan E Matzeliger patents a "lasting device," 1883
#fact its really difficult to piss me off. if I get mad at you, you know you did something wrong
"Twitter is going to start making us pay, DM this to people to keep it free" stfu this isn't myspace gawsh
I grew up there... Beauful place to visit. Have fun!
#heartoftexas medals are in! ARC members can pick them up in the office. Out-of-towners, your medals have been mailed to your clubs
Kind of :p
We do have it, but it is not half priced. We definitely recommend trying it!
": NSAC saying their delay on the Diaz hearing was to give Diaz the opportunity to present his card & case. #UFC #MMA"
AH! Oh Izzy, you hold my heart! RT : RT : Congrats to for winning #RAOM today! Time to pack!!
Some issues w/ the catalog right now. You can still search but no UBorrow, holds or online renewal. It's being worked on, apologies.
It's a great day to get tan... with a friend! Refer a friend to a membership today, mention this ad, and you'll both receive a free upgrade!
$PVSP is pleased to announce that its flagship video phone service is to be sold on one of the largest innovative channel in the U.S
Totally thought I already was! Must've been Agatha or Sam
Going Vegan is also an easy fix but the dairy farmers and subsidies have made it so Americans think we need milk
I will get this right eventually.
RT Chekov's Law: If a phaser is introduced early in the story, it must be fired at the nuclear wessels by the end.
Congrats ! I want in on all this pepper jelly taste-testing, and
how come all joes look like tha devil...josesph kony and joe jackson
Tweeting today from
I knew a KELLOGG guy would turn them around.
Christina Aguilera to perform the National Anthem at the #Superbowl! Must be because she nailed it twice last year at the NBA Finals!
#askTaylor Have you ever prank ? If so what have you done?
Why do I have math for 3 hours.
Victoria's Secret
"Trade the children's promise for the jingle, the way we trade our hard earned time for pay." ::the low anthem::charlie darwin::
my wife and I gave it up...haven't looked back.
Follow my other account I use that account more than this one
The old baseball cliche, when you're behind, you're losing.
"Happiness always looks small while you hold it in your hands, but let it go, and you learn at once how big and precious it is."
In thee exercise room.. working out with my besties
No shes not my daughter... im just her daddy lmao
Crap, power off... damn storm.
Ooh && that last tweet was mine -Ally
#herworld los angeles. The girls are arriving!
“: Happy #FF to #FurChat pals! Have a great weekend!” you too! Ty
lol. Youre crazy. I miss you too!!
another great year of fiesta coming to a close today. until next year.
i think its funny dat ppl has asthma ion kno y
the end of june! thinks she is going to win the "prize". Love seeing all the new friends.
would like a copy of your draft guide,
Yep! It's pretty ambitious and not completely fleshed out yet, happy to point you to some docs if you're interested.
Only B word you should call a girl is beautiful, bitches love that shit.
is this what happens when the music just has to get out?
Birds chirping and sunshine this morning and a high of 78 today! Still can't believe its only March. Ohio weather is #Crazy!
#schoolmemories falling up the steps like a badass.
you & Ambi Campbi need to join us for lunch!
Yeah my mom can piss me off better than anybody else, but I would do anything for her. I love her and she is an #ExtraordinaryMom <3
Things that are awesome...listening to Guns And Roses in Cleveland! Thanks JR!
He says she's a hoe, But he dated her & that makes him???
Hi Colleen thanks for the FOLLOW :D xoxo
Working and listening to Adele this morning...
It's now or never for the caps
In suspense for the announcement of #CNET #CES Best of Show awards. Will take one of the prizes?
As a Mad Man fan, it's upsetting the flack is getting from their design, hopefully they get a solid return and it's all worth it.
so excited I joined today!
Ray and I are either looking at the back of your head, or we are looking at your noggin doppelganger.
I just wanna sleep until Friday ... on that cat wait mode :)
fun at embroidery class at the library today. 9-12 year old girls liked it too! Love program planning since I get to pick stuff I want
The things u fail to appreciate are often the things u will soon lose
Life is a piano; what you get out of it depends on how you play it. ~Proverb
Mike let's talk when you have a moment. We have loads of app developers in the incubator. I can already feel the synergy...
Life is a journey ,the path im walking is full of love and music.
Nicely done.
adskpfowakoprfpwpowajropwaoprjwaoprfjaopwfkoakwrwarpwakokfopwapoktrpeakpokwaorkwrwarpkwap im the happiest :|||||
Dawn and the girls went.
A big MAHALO to all of the teachers and staff out there. We appreciate everything you do!
I was pleasantly surprised by that as well. You never know!
I love how congress ave in ATX feels like I'm in NYC.
Well night Twitter!! Ill regret this if I fall asleep during exams tomorrow!! :)xx
Upsetting :-s #wmata - Woman harassed at Landover, Metro Transit Police investigating - wapo.st/ozFsO8
how come ever aau season you break something?
Meeting now! Discussing the future ALEC protest in New Orleans on August 5th!
Everyone from show get $5 off #ADMISSION into pending availability. See you TONITE!!!
we got ya! Thanks for the shoutout.
At the meeting. They really let have it!!
Glad to hear it! See you next time!
San Diego next for the Crew, will be staying up late to watch games this week.
It's 's birthday, and you can't a word in edgewise on !
why you gotta be so hurtful D:
It is a beautiful day in the Bay.
How is nothing still known in the Phylicia Barnes case?
#thebestpartofmydaywas when It hit me that I have been too busy for church, or even God for the most part.. what's happened to me?
You always find a way to ruin things
Its the last 30 minutes of our 50% off #blackfriday deal! But then Its still 40% off til 12PM and then 30% from 12PM to 9PM EST!!
fuckkk i got a 89 cant u give me a 90
Stack 'em, Pack 'em and Rack 'em...welcome to the last closing day of the year!!!
#Bruins, #Canucks, #Wings, #Sharks, #Hawks, #Pens all out in 1st round. Wow. #NHL and hopefully tonight
force is all conquering but it's victories are short lived-Abraham Lincoln
Okay people I do not care how your fantasy baseball draft went. While you are busy looking at that all season I am going to be running.
THE STATION LOOKS SO MUCH BETTER WHEN INSTAGRAMED, DOESN'T IT?!?
The Colts are All-American Burger and 18 is Brad Hamilton.
Gotta get this yard lookin right 🌺
Spend too much time deleting spam. Spammers are like a virus, every time you think you've stopped them they mutate.
That's what we're doing with our LibraryYOU project. We're helping our local experts make videos and podcasts.
Mad dash to get home & get ready for tonight!
And! What r we chopped liver? Lol I'm being difficult just miss my sister. Tell everyone hi 4 us in Sipp. Luv ya!
I actually got more into older Yes after TALK came out and blew me off of my chair
Damn Dante Cunningham blocked the shit outta Eric bledsoe
RT RT! Prod I saw your hazel contacts! They fit you so so good and tomorrow will the day to watch y'all on !
it's time to be a big girl now, and big girls don't cry.
yeah I'm done with it
I have! 2 1/2 years ago. I am very glad I did.
I wish she will open her eyes to whats right in her face and move on!
I thought it was Fulton Street Sessions with a higher budget.
I love lists! however I trade the coffee for energy sludge :)
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any questions just aks me and please spread the word! :)
I might be a asshole but ion take no shit..
going to see my grandma ..
UltraSeps - QuikSeps (tshirthelp) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Looking. For shose
I have to finish school so that's the only thing I don't want to be in summer school
I love you
Thank you so much!
That is rude and obnoxious.
Franco Harris should of just kept his mouth shut.
Happy #HumpDay! Who's ready for it to be the weekend already?
Homemade Salsa Recipe Liven up your Super Bowl party this weekend with this tasty homemade salsa recipe , made with fresh tomatoes, jalap
It's hard to sleep with Madness just around the corner. KU and OSU both 1 seeds what more can I ask for?
So caulk is awesome....
That's it exactly, Amy! I didn't want duty to get in the way of taking a gazillion pics. Glad my friends are enjoying them.
#Brewers looking like the Bad News Bears tonight in
you're thinking we have an upgrade at PG spot then with Felton over miller?
Working on some music
Let's go Celtics! We got this!!!!
This weather is not Grand..
People that do stuff first, and then ask. Its too late to say no now that you done already did it
im going first four OUT
As a #Spurs fan, I'm still having nightmares of Fisher hitting a #buzzerbeater like that one.
Perhaps those who eschew child bearing are doing the planet a favor? Having womb does not alone give rise to heart of a mother
I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful. ~Author Unknown
is a design genius, and 's Prism tool now has a genius logo.
it's fantastic!!
Breaking: So sad. Just getting word that the 18mo old Hillsboro boy who fell into a washing machine is being taken off life support.
Thanks for this sobering fortune #wantanothercookie null
#Follow our fancy #friends!
Wow #SanFrancisco weather! Hope you are outside today.
Need someone to review your blog posts? Hire me! ()
going to bed. night.
im thinking of trying out for the dance team this year
lol, I guess this wasn't real news.
At the Wic office get Matt milks
We are happy to help! Enjoy the show.
UW works with orgs that bring the passion, expertise and resources to get the job done. That's Burgerville! Eat there 3/29, % sales to UW
and sleep c:
Normally, I flip cable news channels compulsively but, today C-SPAN-2 won out as my drug of choice.
Watching #castle flowers for your grave. Where it all began :))
Yeah! Plans are set to wish #BennuDancer Zoe a happy birthday #Indy this Saturday!
Will check in with you guys in a day or so.
Do you have some time to chat next week? We'd love to share with you early about our big update rolling out on 4/1. Thanks!
TRUUUUURT If he treat me right, and show me i can trust him of course he can have a 3some...
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 40
Yup. Been here since Wed night. Good conference so far.
I love Astoria and Christmas!
HAUT RT : I told you I had a wavy perm pic from RKO Radio in 1971 but you didn't believe me. WHY didn't you believe me?
been good! haha for real i did. But im bak!
I just snuggled into my blanket
Thank goodness you got the ink lasered off; you look so much better without it.
geese you don't even know me..what's the problem
loved yuhh on
Pink Possible supports breast cancer with Pink Hair and more!www.aurorahealthcare.org/aboutus/philanthropy/pink-possible/beauty.asp
Dear Fan
Thank you! I'm home now, so that helps :)
#IfIWomMegaMillions I'd have to purchase a box at Memorial Stadium!
Changing the strings on an acoustic is a bitch....maybe thats why i hadnt changed them in a year and a half....
Thats a welcome change
thanks for following back! Lets pass the DREAM Act this year!
not for everybody but just curious to know whats your talents?????
Happy #worlddjday ! and it was a very good day!
12 more days of school for Pompano
part boxer or full boxer???
mine to!
thanks for your sponsorship! safe travels!
Oh hey how's your night out?
Central hella live and this ain't even the last day
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, Life is but a DREAM.
If you love me show me. !
understood. Give a yell if you come down to visit - you can see my team's DAM if you're in town.
Baseball snacks for the team seems appropriate today., don't you think?
Still waiting for the day unhinges her jaw and devours whole
#HOY-EHH I salute all of you fallers and hoyehh-ers out there.
Fewer Republicans voted in Iowa caucus than voted last year in Orange County general election. Imagine if they spent $20 mil in Orange alone
Old Doctor Who and new Doctor Who really are two completely different shows.
Thought it was office of Prez you respected. If its only holder of the office, then we can diss Obama all we want.
#Buck says bullpen obviously limited. "Anyone who has thrown 3 days in a row is out"
The #Lord wants #you to #ask #Him what He has planned for you. #JustAsk #He always #delivers and
The Saints better not let me down. I've hung my hat on them since midseason.
wish I heard about it earlier...I would have come
Sorry I'm writing my life in pen. So I can't erase my mistakes..
in death and destruction! I'll bet.
drinking in queens! with richard gabby and people :-) summer shower and vodka
6/10 people with #Alzheimer’s wander & become lost at some time. If not found within 24 hrs, up to 1/2 will suffer serious injury or death.
I feel like a badass got my blood drawn twice got a shot and it the peanuts:)
They have a lot of temp agencies and office work that you are probably qualified for. I can give you some links.
Glad you made it. MT : My beloved Pepperoni Sauce is alive + well + living ! Along w prosecco on tap, serious gnocchi.
i'll take it in one end or the other. will probably ask those watching how i should take it
Laying in my bed just thinking about things.
"Nobody embodies the X Factor more than Britney- she has shown the world what it means, how to do it and how to sustain it!" -X Factor EP
RT It's always fun watching that Rosales hustle on the field. But the number 17 looks funny on him.
Thanks for the follow back
When I'm with you I get butterflys but when I leave you feels lik apart of me left wit chu cuhz I get sick:(
I'm #thankful for: the shapes that flocks of geese make, the songbird's duet with the squeaky gas meter & Edna St. Vincent Millay.
Getting ready for WaHB Wednesdays! Check out twitter and facebook to win spa certificates!
#LoveourSupporters!! RT : Each woman is a success story: she has gone from unemployment to independence cc.
that was my showww when i was 4. Lol.
Yay so now I can't go anywhere
yup. What are you doing?
At work til noon. Day started at 3am! ” And it don't stop...”! lol
Blog is up and running... Check it out at www.indigo12west.com!
It's not too late to RSVP for the 'Sew Very Easy' party tonight! Lots of swag to take home. Msg me!!!
Can't get my phone to stand still for one sec. What a day.
You just brought me to tears with your performance of "Faithfully" just now... Simply beautiful.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
where u be hooping?
I've been waiting here for 8 hours to get a Happy Birthday from you! -__-
I want some! I'll be your Seattle ambassador.
Sunday and at work gonna be hot but i love the overtime
thanks and TGIF
Tomorrow night IMMORTALS plays at 6:30 and 9 for only $2! Get ready for some IMMORTAL KOMBAT
Welcome to the realm of endless Mitt/Newt/Santorum jokes
where is your photo? :-)
My friends Feike and Larry just got the new #iPad delivered here at work. I think I turned visibly green as they opened them.
#laware: "MA #Comm_College each have a separate line item in budget. No approp formula". #highered #edpolicy No Perf based funding here...
This morning i wake up a little sick but am good
Do The Right Vagina
~We call them strong Those who can face this world alone Who seem to get by on their own Those who won't fall~
- Thanks for the #FF and have a great weekend!
no bow tie?!?! Rough night?
Good for you ": i ♥ yuu sophie !"
“: What a night at #StarParty!!! Thank you for having us Minneapolis :)” <3<3
Don't even know...
and also, I'm pretty far north and this is one of the first days I've worn shorts this year.
That is #creepin #creepy :)
you were in China, right? Let's get together soon...would love to hear about it
I'm worried! Cuz its not just him! I dont want my friends gettin hurt! :/
Harry Styles' mum says Harry calls home at least five times every day when he's on the road
FINS IN TOTAL CONTROL!!! JU up 20-4 with 8 min remaining!!!
Shout-out to he ain't crazy ladies.
I love peanut butter and bananas!
This is the worst class ever
"werent you in the army? Why dont you go back there?" And mr kheul "this is the biggest lunch table I've seen!"
2 nights ago?
I'm writing these letters on the wall to remind myself to get back up every time I fall
damn you killing kids, rest in hell
erm..where are you?
What you up to now Sawyer?
Long day/night at work! At least I can get my #cardio2 done on my meal break! Almost home! Sweet dreams everyone!
Welcome Glad to have you!
you're not, are you? </3
": Did you know that a med popcorn at RegalCinemas contains 1,200cal? Neither do most moviegoers. "I knew..n enjoyed every moment :-)
Sunny sunny weather oh how lovely you are..... But can I pls get some wind with this?
she was like a trophy bass I wasn't sure if I wanted to mount her or eat her
The Good Son with Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood was the #1 movie on this day in 1993. Creepy.
Anniversary Number Two!
if he comes by during office hours you're required to send him upstairs to check in with me first.
We are still alive.
RT : Congratulations You've won two tickets for you and your mom to see Brian Blade on June 22! You're a good...
you know I do, 3 loads done
Out of the darkness and into the light
Respect! RT : i voted for four of the six inductees. the two i voted for who did NOT make it: cris carter and charles haley.
Just got my football jacket ... gonna go all zayn on everyones ass
“: Country girl Skylar Laine is up. Will she make it? #Idol” I hope so!
Draw to Quizz goes nowhere. 3rd and 6 for Beavers.
I agree. I think I'll head to the rink now. Oh wait...I live in Atlanta.
Glad you liked it!
Night all! Z's later on!
We all get those days when all you wanna do is hug someone
LOL! Maybe a little modification is needed? Have a great day!
I actually think Twitter is more promising for higher ed than facebook.
everything scana be okay
2 my new twitter frnd if u hve not alrdy done so check out my page www.reverbnation.com/jewallep Listen to my # 1 single LOVE PROOF
Happy Birthday !!!!!! Your so amazing and I have been listening to your songs all day:D love ya!
I did that when I lived in home park. The fire department was not pleased with me...
You're very welcome! ^SZ
ok the spring ?
Went twitter makes you stop! Does it ever? RT : How many tweets per day is too many?
Can these next 2 and half weeks until exams just go by without me wanted to pull out my hair?
no gay marrgie nasty
Really? We had no idea. RT US news Financial crises caused by "stupidity and greed": Geithner: (Reuters) - Treasury Secret...
Follow my bro and i tell u my msn, if u like f course ;)
That program still comes on?
shoutout to for keeping the subwoofers happy
Professors should not be allowed to schedule exams during interview week
Only eight more days until Avengers! Also can't wait for the new dark knight rises trailer that'll be attached to it!! : D
the group is pretty dope. Romo introduced me to them a while back. #Shaggfest??
That sucks. (I funny...)
Same shit different day
and ur an Italian dancer? lol oh mann
My baby is almost here!!! I missed her so much!!!
Mom took me to the park after the Vet so....I'm cool.
A week from now I will be waking up in a tent in the Rocky Mountains!!
Laker fans always calling somebody a hater..! Lol
If the #ACA goes down, maybe at least we can have a real conversation about a single payer system, what we really need, in this country.
thanks so much!
will you follow me? :D
I've been here for 20 minutes.
Tough break for Narveson and #Brewers. Estrada has earned the #5 spot with good spot starts last year and this year.
Fabulous time at TIE2011.. #TIE2012 My Digital citizenship presentation will be posted soon!
Almost got kicked off the sled run for breaking the rules. Is that a win? Yes. Yes it is.
awesome performance in 400 final!!! Congratulations!! Xx
yo why is so bad well follow them and give me the answer lol
RT : Study: 56% students nearing graduation wouldn't work for a company that blocked Facebook & Twitter ti.me/t5EYqO (via )
Shenandoah Joe is playing the everybody GTFO channel. Really annoying.
“: Huge S/O to anyone following their dreams (:x)”
Do it, and then you will feel motivated to do it. --Zig Ziglar
": A girl is happiest when she knows that you make her your everything. In front of everyone, every time."
GSEA Fashion Group is giving you a sneak peak! Stay tuned!
I love it when you eat it 
All mohomies are the best :D <3 we all love you <3
That'd be Nagasaki actually.
RYAN EFFIN HOWARD
Thanks for the follow! I appreciate it -
Are you following us on FacebookPages/Twitter/Tumblr/Pinterest yet?
Please use the question numbers in your answers and keep your tweets short to get RTs
FWD:From : In 2011, there were more violent deaths in Mexico than in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia & Yemen combined.
Sure m hi
yeah, so are u gonna do it? I want it to be a surprise though...
To all, we need your support to.spread the word then come out to EVERCLEAR AT dobbs Wed night 7pm, Reminder, Artist VIP cards do not apply.
This weather is amazing<3
You can DM me if you want to!♥
Tonight was in its own category...
I might be available to be signed as a GSW fan if that's the case. Bucks GM cited Monta's 20ppg average as proof he's a scorer...
i wasn't saying it would be a bad thing. i think it would be better if it was changing. but it doesn't sound like it is.
lol, hey Merry Christmas eve! hope your day is great!
Almost gave up at mile 8, but powered through. I need a nap!
I'll be spinning tonight live inside Rumi lounge really Djing with no bs that's how I do! Hope to see you there!
I am a runner. I run at least 7 miles a day.If you're looking for a spokesperson, I'm available! Haha!These have helped me so much!
RT : #Valve deserves props for getting a Game Of The Year nomination.. But where is #L.A.Noire and #DeusEx on that list?
Thank God for these blessings.
yeah but the piece is published. They're online, I'm online. I kinda want the discussion online.
yea sure bring it lmao
Don't hold back all your enthusiasm lol!
Watchin spongebob again i wonder if ima wake up on time
How you like this one? For all you haters that talk behind my back, while you're back there bend down and kiss my ass.
why yes i have..but this TT is abt BLACK girls not WHITE girls..so why do you have to drag them into this
Ice cream sounds so good right now.
Even I don't get those spam bots. Maybe it's because I work for The Empire in secret.
Star wars and beastie boys all day. May the fourth be with u.
#ff right back at you both! xx
you're sick....
Nov. 11, 12 & 13 - New Mexico. Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival. Check it out at artisansgonegreen.com
Is virtue a thing remote I wish to be virtuous, and lo Virtue is at hand.
Congratulations to the T2 team who ran the 2012 Virgin London Marathon today. Well done!
OMG, OMG, no more Redline's in the fridge! Ugh... Hm.... Must... Find... Caffeine...
#packers #charleswoodson Green n Yellow!
Follow me cause I really want you to notice me :D
"you can look at the menu, but you just can't eat.."
RT : Fool an #Aquarius once, they smile but shame on you. Fool them twice they still smile but you gonna get your face beat in
This just in: my belated lunch break will involve a cozy chair, a good book, and a sunbeam located nowhere near my office
Tweet tweet! THUNDER UP!!!
Re-watching Designing Dashboards
my brother is a programmer for Narrative Science. We take sibling rivalry to strange and troubling places.
If you believe in love*.*
if i asked you who has the longer home run distance avg thus far this year, would you say Weeks or Ortiz?
huh. I'll be damned!
Watching / The Singing bee
Bout to save me some lives 😁😷💉
EEEKKKKK!!! So exciting!
btw im a 14 year old gurl :) haha im just running this for austin
Yeah, what SHE said!! RT : "You're welcome. Be good. Start doing things you love. And take care of yourself!!" momma
I wanna hear Roman's Revenge...
Is there a best day for you soon? I work Thursday through Sunday this week. There's a poker game in Bothell, if you guys want!
Crane formations!
"Never let someone else's opinion of you determine your reality." -Les Brown via Patrick Snow.
I'm about to offline(: bye
What is the next music revolution in USA?
OMG. MIND BLOWN.
Please check out my answer on to: Im a non custodial parent and my shared parenting is being violated. My daugh...
still so much to do - is it May yet?
Carpentry Rule #1: Measure twice, cut once. The station was there first. Truck should have been speced to fit, no?
New Nature Research Center in Raleigh is awesome. Also awesomely crowded. Will come back in a few weeks!
I'm going to be anxiously awaiting the arrival of the mail everyday this week until 's Trespassing shows up!
hell ya finished ONE paper .. why do i have a whole nother paper to do tomorrow
We had a father step up to take the role as Vice President.
Agreed. RT I don't want to contemplate what a defeat of would say about state of GOP and future of our country
WAIT What? You're in NYC tomorrow?
Work!! It's all good though..Sam's reimbursed me for most of it
people tweet the stupidest things. like, i really dont care that you have to pee.
On the way to meet up with Mike Kieth and Grasshopper before the game at the Cubbie Bear.
Today's the day! Our switch to a new CMS will be done, and our new student profiles will be live on the site tomorrow!
Temperatures are below zero degrees around the metro area tonight. Stay inside!
Today is the holiday, are you working guys?
Quarter Foods has a better ring to it
#RyanKennedy in our hearts & in our prayers
we didn't have our game today but yesterday was brutal.
Might not be a new video tomorrow. Gonna put in a little extra time into our surprise for you guys ;) who excited??
any close friend of the mate is a close friend of mine. Always a place to stay for genuine people
The Dateline: A Single to Relationship Timeline
Keep a #gym bag packed with everything you need for the gym by the door or in your car. Then just grab and go!
Heading out a great outing at Ironwood to benefit Little Sisters of the Poor. (cc )
good man. Looking forward to this week. U? New place?
Yikes how bout all these white ladies wearing "Navajo" prints
Give It Time Despite a tough postseason, tt's too early to write off Russell Westbrook.
#kindlefire initial review - not a bad device, not quite a small #iPad, but close enough, bit heavier than I prefer, plenty responsive tho
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!)
hey im not hating it haha saves me from any awkward moments that may have occured
demi , you are such an inspiration .
FLYCANDY is the Leader in E-Mail Marketing! Reach Over 100,000 Inboxes when you advertise with FlyCandy
Math is hard.
TBH, I feel like a lot of people overlook what those of us who process do. 1/2
"Susanah"? Man ive been spelling my name wrong all my life...
Had great evening last night improvising with jazz piano great Donal Fox chez nous
Took a blow dryer to my head this morning, which I rarely do. I'm surprised by how much hair there is on this head of mine.
def counts. sometimes takes a minute for twitter to sync up. u can always manually sync w/ the grey button in page footer.
Time for a (cold) shower and Netflix... (while we are still loyal customers. LOL)
Natura Two-in-One Rabbit Hutch (beige) at Dog Training
With both games not really close at the end & both favorites covering its setting up real nice for Tebow Magic in Denver
can I hear Britney Spears Gimme More?
"Design takes scientific innovations and transforms them into life" - Paola Antonelli
and are some type of stuletos....gotta look taller. Lol
Missed some of the #ACMs b/c someone called & wanted to bitch. Even though I asked if this could wait until the next day. They didn't care!
Don't miss our great deals on everything hair, from cuts to products & their correct uses we've got you covered
Love it! RT "The world was in peril! Would you have me stand by and do nothing...?!" ~
Nate wasn't listening to anything on spotify cause he's insecure and doesn't want you to know he likes Whitney Houston
your my bro
And that night is still clear as day<3
My boyfriend does something really cool in a few episodes from now...keep watching it ;)
Oh, I just meant there were many "linchpin" moments, reactionary policy & scandal, but none effected lasting outrage, change.
Hm, still coming up for me...
We are in #Downtown #SanJose today! Don't miss out on a chance to eat The Food of Champions! We all know how healthy #ahi and #salmon is!
Mavs-Lakers Game 1 watch party tonight INSIDE American Airlines Center. Party starts at 8:30 p.m. Tip-off is at 9:30 p.m.
nighty night. Sleep well. The fun is coming soon. Lol
But i guess it gives me something to tweet about
Can you imagine the level of a mind that watches wrestling?
plat on you better the light off.
they left me home alone
I know that roof! What's going on up there?
Turns out we were 7hrs early 4 the Yankee game. Now enjoying the #rapture in Riverside Park.
yes, that's been fixed.
Today's tale: The Man of Law! www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets
Showtune Saturday Night!
Listening to on Blog Talk Radio.
no more school. boom.
RT Scrolling through the pix I took today from my phone and find multiple freaky pix of & #nightmstonig ...
Today seems like an excellent day to go to the casino.
thanks so much! Not anytime soon but hopefully one day :)
Need. To. Sleep..
One time I was late for P.E. (about 15 min. late) so our class was already done stretching and when we showed up my teacher was about to ...
great song. I like a lot of what I've heard from
So far Mindy Kaling's book is very funny! Enjoy!
too funny! Great minds think alike ;).
Schools Use Nintendo Wii, Games to Fight Obesity: Some schools are integrating game systems such as the... dlvr.it/mKjZv
i would buy the tickets but my dad won't give me his credit card number because he thinks i will buy everything
That'd be awesome! I suggest you req/tweet to CMT and CMT shows. Would LOVE us to have a 2cd season AND a 2cd half hr! :))) 👌
Thanks for the mention - it was a great article for you to have included!
hahaha cranky old white man... i feel like i'm 80... like a man who's lived life, ready to judge the world
Happy Birthday to me!!!
Gotta keep pushing, gotta find the things worth living for
I'm calling this game what it is: Thunder shot the lights out.
off to learn about prize philanthropy... does it have the many wondrous applications that proponents claim?
Hi hi hi <3
a girl can be nice to a point you fuck wit her man and her money she gone flip her wig
TWEET ME N ANY PORN STAR YOU THINK WOULD BE HOT SCENE TO DO TOGETHER TELL ME DETS WAT YAL WANT TO SEE I'M DWN IS DEY RT RT RT
There is more info on CA Customer Experience Mgr on IBM's partner site than there is on CA's own website. not kidding.
#thx4following - have a great #weekend!
Passed out with my music playing >>>
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
": 2 hours 40 minutes away from being done with this shit!" :(
yea ik!!! its such a relief!
we find it very helpful, but we always get some kids who enroll late, so there are always wild cards.
try gnawing on a book. You know...a subtle hint.
Happy Birthday again <3
Good morning, East Coast. :) <3
at the MABPA luncheon for my internship networking and learning about the education challenges at both the k-12 and university levels
time to visit the church of fitness... the gym.
We invite everyone to visit the wonderful, wonderful on 45 Bond Street to sample authentic Catalan food in NYC
I Capture the Castle (Dodie Smith). Eccentric family in 1930s, teen narrator, by author of 101 Dalmatians
Can i use your wireless?
damn false alarm
I finally caved in at the suggestion of my fellow Don G cast members and am now playing draw something. I'm Akloc. Start a game!
no worries. Easy to be fired up about hoch
Haha, w/ his milk shot.
Guys, the Spurs shots aren't falling, what do we do?
Counting down til happy hour starts. Need. Frappucino.
Rip Hamilton is a piece of shit
I would say Food ranks first on your list followed by GSP
Coughing infront of smokers to make them feel guilty.
Hate hearing how Junior Seau went out,
not the cheeseburger....i got a pizza from walmart & put fajita meat on top...lol...fatboimix
This one looks like it will go down to the wire. Every possession is critical now with 5:21 to play DU 61 TTU 57
it was a fun movie
All of the strangers like me best today. I'm God's favorite.
Lynette & Tom getting back together...
Seeing your teacher at a party would be hilarious!
RT : Me too!! And 'loose'? ... Why do people think that spells 'lose'???!!! <- !!! Attack of the Grammar Fatality.
follow me, to help women fight ovarian cancer
Ice beginning to accumulate on trees in the paseo arts district, okc
sorry I missed this @ mention about the skull exhibit. I don't check twitter often...still figuring out how to use it.
Festivals of Aloha was fabulous last night. If you missed it, maybe next year! Great halau from champion performers! 1000 people enjoyed!
I'd really like to see Knuble back next year, love the guy.
exactly, my dear. Romneys folks were handing out fake slates in Nevada, trying to trick voters to support his delegates. Ick
And if you can't wait until then to get your Johnny Rockette fix, "RockETTEumentary" is going to premier on WEDNESDAY
15 hours on set. We are SO close to wrapping. Can't. Stop. Now.
Women lie about being over a guy and Men lie about saying that we luv u!
I think I done spoiled maself with Jjs these past few days.. Now wht ima do?
I'm still wondering... why on earth did you buy me a cactus?
RT: : I'm the BEST actor in my town..I'm gonna be in 5 more productions by June. I'm WORKIN!
My smile has no meaning without you.
“If jazz was not around; half of the music we listen to wouldn’t be around." -
Here we go again name is about to be all up and down my TL. Thats a good thing gaining more fans :) follow back
When there is still breath, there is always hope.
Happy valentines day!!! Or in my case I'm-forever-alone-and-my-life-sucks day! :)
New S. Studies #teachers: What do you wish you had learned in your certification program that would have prepared u 4 your 1st yr?
Thanks for joining the Pitt ranks just in time for graduation Peregrine chicks!
Ready to watch the USA win and move on to the quarterfinals
You are not doing a heck of a lot better covering basketball...
Nick, is it true that you will be performing at the Miami Piano Festival?
Boonville about to get a new senior citizen center
in tired of you not responding to my texts! WTF!!
Alarm clocks. Cus every morning should start with a nice heart attack.
any news on mays?
Why pay 1.60 to ride the light rail when u can easily just walk the 2.5 miles?
I shall greet all of my clients with the Beast Mode tomorrow...
havent been listening to radio due to momma listening to church station and the other day while I was loading up the car the car
is focused
Of course the bag of crap comes during the one time I had to change locations. :-(
I love my friends. They keep me accountable for making my dreams come true.
Lmao that was definitely one of the highlights of BIO!
Best first date ever. Ill never forget it<3 Thank you
such a great concept
I just listened to super bass no way you know all the lyrics...you're gonna have to prove it NH
that last WOD was amazing to watch! He seriously KILLED it! I thought I was going to break the stands by jumping so much
"Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory." -Norman Vincent Peale What's your favorite positive affirmation?
Off to Monticello tomorrow for the launch of a new book by their gardener, expect over 200ppl. It should be a great event.
"This Boy" John wrote this & it is simple but very clever. It has only a few notes but the space between the notes is filled by arrangemen
Cut it out lol. RT : *stands on chair* but I'm a Leo and I do!!!!!! *sigh* I'm never enough for you =(
Let's go Rondo tied at half-time
Seven buses worth so far! YearOfTheHawk
on it
yes I do thankyou
Showing some signs of life! How about in Ottawa?
How high was your highest jump?
Happy NEW YEAR !!!
Hipsters please go home. You're all trying way too hard.
WHEN I SEE ONE OF THOSE .GIF TUMBLRS THAT USES THIS "JOKE" FORMULA AND I'M ALL [farts]
cheer up ! TOMMOROWS GUNNA ROCK ! bus buddies ?! :D
Ok it's 3:00 am and time for bed for me I've got a busy day tomorrow hopefully blood work will be good. Have a great weekend. Night. <3 Shan
When I came into the office there were 11 things on my "To Do" list. Now there are 23.
If you want to stay ahead of the game with sports. Join Email list. I will send you our episodes every Mon. DM me your emails
Mark Laurin citing Bersin - 80% of workforce learning: on-demand, social, embedded. Presenting at ISPI-FRC in Denver.
We've got a CNC Router (built by some members) as well as a small CNC Mill, and a MakerBot CupCake...
I believe you I live in austin and im standing looking out my window and it hurts my eyes its terrible
Ha! You deserve a glass... or two.. or three.
the latter!
The road can be a bitch sometimes.
Tough loss, this one stings with that ending
Porches and outdoor walkways at Groves allow ample room to enjoy the outdoors in a safe and secure environment.
Can't wait to get out of here..
Ready to be your workout partner!
Congrats to , , and for their nominations to the WTIA Industry Achievement Awards.
Thanks for the #FF mention! Great to hear from other local Tweeps.
I'm in the mood for a flash mob....
And may he never drink bud light for we will teach him of local microbrews when he is an appropriate age-Lessons for 's baby BOY
Of all the Maury classics, my favorites are the ones where he spends the hour gawking at 200 lb. toddlers eating Popeyes.
No one will understand how close I am with my gymnastics friends.. They are more like sisters 💗
yes, its genealogy...have been working on my tree for yrs. now, saw the Ireland homestead a few yrs.ago,beautiful country.
These are different owners than those, let's hope they are more sane (doubt it)
Speaking of, shouldn't we be further along with umbrella technology by now?
Aye lil chad got loads of swagg !!!!!
Managing The Stress In Your Small Business When you put out your shingle that says open for business, you immediately take on 10-14 jobs
There should be more singing convos. Can we just put on a cabaret? People would actually enjoy that and stay awake
That was an incredibly emotional game, still so proud of SC
Why is it when u have the downstairs apartment it always sounds like Dumbo the elephant lives upstairs?
I love this song cuz I get so stay with my dad until new years and I haven't seen him since he got stationed in hawaii!!!
Hunter Hayes is a beautiful man
Ready for my first non-corporeal opera experience! Watching Das Rheingold simulcast live from the MET. Sad there's only a few people here.
I'm sorry that it does.
Ha! “: I'm confident Butler doesn't pay players, took us numerous years to get doors on the stalls in the bathrooms in Hinkle”
So board talking to my dog.
Interviewing for my Master's program this morning, nervous!
So that is just another excuse to watch the movie again.
I pretty much just do whatever Oprah tells me to.
i was kidding ok. it was for you're attention.~ NOW WUTS JORDANS TWITTER BIOTCH.
watching the Amanda show (:
At a birthday party today, a complete stranger's kid asked me if I wear underwear... Then followed it up with, "Can I see?"
On my way to Washington, DC to deliver Islandora training at the Smithsonian.
“The job of a coach is to make men do what they don’t want to do in order to achieve what they’ve always wanted to be.” -Tom Landry
OMG that is so funny!
#3WordsForYou Stop The Hate
great speaking interview with Dan Link at University Club this morning while on deadline - you rule. Thanks.
they sky :3
Super response for BTS tour this wk so we will do it again. Next 1 on 5/3 at 12:30. Hope u can make it over during lunch?
Enforcing a strict 10000% positivity rule for myself. I call it: The Neg Cleanse.
But seriously guys, it's 's BIRTHDAY today, so make sure you wish him a good one!
I can't wait to come see you today! Your my inspiration! #DreamComeTrue <3 follow me?
Who the fuck gets panda express for breakfast
Watching my first episode of #gameofthrones I really don't think Im smart enough for this. There's so much anger!
I know I am flying high!
Just finished "Inside the world of #espn" Long, informative and inspiring. Olbermann, Kornheiser, and Simmons the clear rebels.
nowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness. George Santayana
”Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life.” -- Picasso. www.itsartnotstuff.com
But if I'm swaying, I'm still on vacation...
RT : Pleasantly surprised by 4th & Forever, reality show about Long Beach Poly, airing on #CurrentTV. Good stuff...
I HAVE TO MEET DRAKE.
Wait... I can NOT stay awake or pay attention in class right now.
Sometimes I cry -Erick B
This is the first night I'm sleeping without my boyfriend :/
I've been terrible with tweeting lately!
Everybody!!! Go watch and support YouTube videos! This could make them less likely to be removed!
I keep doing horribly wrong and embarassing things with & for Charisse's birthday.
sounds good
Going to walk the dog then take her to the vet
Out & about enjoying this fine day in Houston! Happy Hump Day!
Wishing my dog wasn't so emotional!!!! Ah
So....my TV like blew up
so jealous!! Hope you guys are having a blast :)
I don't think I've ever been to Union Station without having to full on sprint to catch my train/bus/metro, but always make it just in time.
I've wasted to much time on this low life where yu at sexy lady?? Lolz
Chipper feeling better?
That why he's taking his ass home RT Amar'e.....why you such a po loser???
Bases loaded for #Rockies Todd Father. #Mets lefty Byrdak into face him.
Jammin the lady gaga on the drive back...
So you are addicting at a potagier toro sprinkler timer and ...
#museums- instrum of #compassion. Still pondering absnce of discn of Trayvon on museum social media: concrete way to show comp?
ohio state puttin in that twerk
@ the Library: well, I'll be downloading the font if my computer will let me. It shouldn't be this hard to download a stupid font.
Molly's Harper's series is witty, a little sexy, intelligent & fun. Loved every installment of Jane, the vampire librarian.
suggests too much money on PGA. Older guys played near full schedule for love of game and respect of sponsors
M Paul Rudd.
The goal is for you to SAVE. GIVE. FEEL GOOD. So really...it is ideal!
Thank you for making Mondays the best night of the week!
been in bed all day to sleep off my illness..hopefully tomorrow I feel well enough to go to the lake
UWSP AD, coach Pat Bloom and WIAC Commish Gary Karner have been talking about it for about 15 minutes post game.
#Oomf looking cute today :)
Enjoy life misery don't need company it just wants some
Going on youtube this week. No worries.
it will be mailed out tomorrow.
sorry to hear about your boat but this is very common in the Bahamas my dear!
Movie Of The Day: "Glory"…
So true! Have a great weekend! RT : We must become the change we want to see. Mahatma Gandhi
"Proceeds go to fat kids but not fat in the cute way like that fat kid on modern family"
Ready to see the fam. Plz let All go well.
If I had anything to do with watching over Bobbi Kristina,she wouldn't be seeing Bobbi Brown father or no father,he is some kind of low life
Both of my daughters are adults now. Can't believe how crazy it feels to type that.
BUZZ CUT or COMB-OVER? NO ONE Can Ever Tell On A Comb-over! Just Ask Any Fella That Has One! Where's Them Clippers?!? ;)
Sometimes its hard to follow your heart..
At the Univ of KY preparing to hear Nikky Finney read from her Natl Book Award winning Head Off and Split
RT : “ NIGGA, if you ever cock your legs up to do anything, you GAY! lol IJS”What abt.all fours<<<
The #Brewers Manny Parra now pitching. Ready to kick off the top of the 6th.
I wanna go see Breaking Dawn Part 1 now!!!! I can't wait till November!!! :(I)
I might see him today.!(:
Leadership Mantra: We MUST serve our team so that we may LEAD.
Could the leaflets stapled to poles also help us move closer, along with other media studies [better historicized], to a spatial humanities?
100% agree...I love Area
courtney just made this fat boy cry because she was yelling at him because he spilled juice all over me oh my god
Did you know we have new items added to our menu? Spicy Chicken Tinga, Crab & Lobster Tostada, Roasted Veggie Taco--yum!
Good Morning! Have a Terrific Tuesday.....SPREAD LOVE
Cleaning my house top to bottom when I get hme....im thinking steak and potatoes tonight...or pizza and hot wings....
oh lol x mine is pink and purple lol xx i love it rite from tome and r u on facebook
YA we do....Let me know what you want...
RT - Bad news for the #Fins fans: David Garrard and Jake Delhomme both refused Miami #Dolphins offers.
ha! Was still on the plane waiting for everyone to pull large suitcases out and leave. Luckily, we're rebooked on a new flight.
go away
Manning to Denver. Let's sign him up for Rainbow Rewards!
i really don;t wanna die.. panda and them are like DONT THEN! HOW CAN I HELP IT!
Not only will I embarrass you in Scramble with Friends, but I'll talk so much shit about our match while doing it. Just ask
You can do anything for 15 minutes at a time. I love !
A taco sounds great for dinner. A Paco's taco sounds even better!
Everytime someone asks you to do something ask if they want fries with that
Sometimes we can hold so tightly to what we enjoy that we deny ourselves the opportunity to enjoy new and different things. We can become s…
First quarter earnings due out in about 15 minutes for #Boeing. We'll have them for you as soon as they are released.
Is Jayson Werth the worst MLB free agent signing of all time! Dude stinks and has a terrible attitude!
Excited for Apple Cup this weekend. Should be a great end to the holiday weekend.
Is this housewives if Detroit
Watching idol...
BABY COWS? Anyone have any I could photograph?
If Chris would quit talking over everyone...we could have the woman donors name! Anyone know?
um.. in is arms :p
"sweet monacle, dude": OH at brooklyn flea, without a touch of irony
thanks bud, Hope things are picking up for you! Need to get back to planning the reunion tour, miss everyone already!
Another amazing year at the Albuquerque Film Festival. Great panels, films, and parties. I am so grateful for all the inspiration. Pics soon
"Even through the darkest days, this fire burns always." Made famous by CM Punk's old music. Things will improve in time.
=) RT What do u mean pretty, pretty pretty good? Its FANTASTIC! Have been travelin. You'll see me again soon :-)
for what?
apologize in person
So I'm trying to figure out what "purple drank" is.. No luck lol :p
More than one of every ten Americans, suffers from chronic, disabling conditions that cause major limitations and decreased quality of life.
That BC goal by Johnny Gaudreau was Evgeni Malkin-like. Weaved his way through two turnstile defensemen. Clincher?
Tonight wraps up week 2 of "Wolf". In other words, it's a cheap way to BYOB and get out of the rain for 2 hours. 7:30pm at The Think Tank.
I am listening to Lambchop on and can't believe I've never gotten into them before. Jeez. Oversight thankfully corrected.
↑ the person above fooled around with bieber
Fridays will be the place to be in Santa Monica!
#Brewers are flashing leather tonight!
so hot. Smokin'!!!
Pain is just weakness leaving your body.
Fight the Bite! Helicopter drop launches West Nile Virus season. Kick-off event is TODAY @ 10 a.m. More info visit www.SDFightTheBite.com
RT if twitter is your venue to experiment with the feeling of career suicide
off to sleep*
Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world it's time for #OneUnion!
When are you going to Cape Town? Great food, great culture, great stories! Gotta check out what Luke Dale-Roberts is doing
Kodak and Samsung announce a strategic alliance. I wonder who's going to pull who down faster.
Heard about the debate forum at Ivy Tech, good for the district!
I think it is very important to all #actors and #models to market themselves, even if they have an agent. I can teach you how
“: Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Sometimes, it just means that you've been strong for too long.”
I bet out there makinem look BAD
Enjoy your time in Ocean City!
miss you too bb girl <3
you're welcome!
Brett Favre = Wilson from Home Improvement...hahaha so accurate!
Isn't it amazing?! We love it too!!
We Found Love In A Hopeless Place <3
text me
fasheezy in the AM
Book A Star for your Next Event
congrats man!
I'm looking for a fashion cofounder. Let me know if interested in talking.
ima GO get it!! :D
hey no worries! you have better hair & magic underwear!
Ya can't beat a morning that starts with good coffee and Ella Fitzgerald.
till you get drunk!
big thanks to all our new followers...slow growth is still progress!
Going to bed soon.
And just think how much safer the Source Awards will be once this technology becomes ubiquitous.
says Happy Holidays!
my bed makes me =) cuddle time with the pup!!!!!!!!! (via ) lady knowz I dont cuddle pffftttt
3,000 calls for Marriage Equality last night! Special shout out to the UW contingent for rolling deep!
You can live your #dreams if you can embrace change. It's by taking chances that you'll learn how to be brave. - Nikita Koloff
BTW, the last Tweet's photo is courtesy of Brian Lawson, longtime Arizona resident and friend of Fairways + Greens. Obviously.
cant wait for the new shake it up and mikeys bday in 7 days
Going to DISNEYLAND!!!!!!
Is like MTV obsessed with Trojan condoms?! Cause it seems like it's the only commercial there playing..
Thank you for the RT! May the beauty of your spirit warm, radiate, and pulsate like a lighthouse beacon all the day long! Love ya!
Lord, help me to project your face on Facebook and Twitter, as well as in my day to day life.
Got killed on the boards AGAIN!!
A9 reliably being open and available, consistently true and real build TRUST
Glad to hear it Nathan.
Beliebers are always trying to find another fanbase to hate on cause they think they Justin is God.
Grove is a #ToysforTots collection center. If you care to donate; please bring a New, Unwrapped Toy & join us for our Holiday Celebrations!
ATTENTION MUSIC FANS: Young Bravo is uploading his new album as we speak. Be the 1st to hear it www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
If I got paid to say people's names with a Mexican accent, I'd have $3,000
Thanks for the retweet.
Congrats! Keep up the good work!
Had a burst of #amwriting energy this afternoon and pounded out the first draft of an essay that I'm really excited about. GREAT feeling.
If you're a feamale and you don't have a car you can't sleep by my house
Lemme get up..
I wished I was there to see your awesome moves
That ain't news Son!
Happy 4th of July to all of our #acting #talent, #actor & #actresses, and #casting #directors. Have a happy and safe holiday.
so...gmail is down. that's really inconvenient.
whoa where?
this could be the coolest PHOTO ever!!!!!!!
follow me back my love <3<3
I love Ireland but the breakfast over there needs to improve before I visit again
Same to you mama:)!
Fantastic time with and in Modesto!! Thank you,
Wish I lived in the 1600s with the witches or in the 1800s. Both living in the country.
Go Golden Panthers!!
Haha I know what I'm doing, I got this 😏
Grandmother dancing with her 10 year old grand son.pre- Teen troupe in full greek dance regalia, yummy food.
Why? Why? Why? Why? : Sam Dalembert's 2-year deal w/ Houston pays $7M in '11-12, w/ team option for $7M in '12-13
Yep, can't turn down free cookies!
that sounds delicious
Q: Why’d the chicken cross the road? A: If it was for anything less than a 55-gallon-drum-sized Slurpee drink, we doubt it was worth it.
yes sir, made them all!
wow..i tweeted it twice..
": and I'm younger than her lol!" Her younger sister that's even better
Anything for cool people :)
It is cold.....24f
The gift of salvation is free but the process of sanctification will cost you!
Taking my dad to his birthday lunch at Shapiro's in downtown Indy...great food!
"Alex Trebek: 'I've Been Thinking Of Retiring'" #huffpost WHAT IS: NO, ALEX, for 20!
The election period for Exec Board positions ends on Wednesday, April 25th at 6pm. Make sure to get your votes in by then!
oh ok ttyl
So fucking irritated....ready to go!!:-(
New sc date coming soon
Oh man, that would be amazing. Our address is 1 Dell Way RR 78682 ;)
Top 20 Most Popular Programming Languages Among Hacker News Readers
Selfish is the worst look on people.
Gonzalo is native form Argentina indeed. Unfortunately that's their last public show on the East Coast.
This game right here is pretty embarrassing.
🔫die bitch. I'm single for life
Opening Reception at #alamw12 come visit booth 2321 to enter to win a tree full of puppets!! Only a little time left!
My son's baby tooth fell out today...
No It doesnt work
#FIBC BAGS FOR SALE! NEW & USED, PLUS #GAYLORD #BOXES TOO! CALL FOR PRICES TODAY 561-721-3400
awesome or foolish, next time pls tweetpic that shit
They also have tater tots. SO YUMZ!
shut up. I have fat fingers.
People at work kept asking what 50 SHADES OF GREY was about so I looked it up. Still just going to tell them I don't know. Seriously, WTF?
I walk to the kitchen and my dad says , go to sleep yu fat cow . Lmfao I eat too much . <3
Home of deadly Mpls Fire was also the site of a police raid in '08 looking for evidence against the RNC Welcoming Committee.
I'm so proud of youu..austin that is amazingg already its sold outt ..I loveyouu..<333
She asked for a lightning storm....and she got one.
has your account been hacked?
Welcome to National Look Alike Day, Who do you think you look like maybe a celebrity, your neighbor or even your pet.
Bensinger: bankruptcy court is a great place to look when covering issues of the economic underclass.
don't start no shit it won't be no shit!
If Obama wants to assist the ability to repay student loans, he needs 100% Sec 504 & ADA enforcement against licensing entities
#MONSTERJAM is today Yes, it required caps because it's MONSTERJAM!
twister probably less intense if they would have had a gps
Haven't been, but would involve music, casinos, incredible restaurants and concerts galore!
thanks for the invite
Resting up for what can only be a pivotal next year. That and soldering like a fool. Bring it, 2012. Me and the flux pen are ready.
damn a nerd crush...a crush period
Good luck! :) What are you doing this summer?
do you know what a 3rd wheel is?
What's up yall, I signed up for when it launched on Android recently... I've taken 6 photos and am a personal user
Ugh! Don't you hate it when people force themselves on to you? I haven't "Stayed in touch" for a reason perv
Lets go pay some bills today.
I agree w/ you that part of Melo celebrating is his persona... but I'm really just going on playoff record.
The Team is coming together
It wasn't even about you...
NBD,, Disconnect when im on a 32 killstreak! FUCK YOU!
Holy rain!!
Gimme a follow so I can respond to yer message. Also, Hi!!! ::waves::
Just a few more days and we will be moving into our new office. SO Excited.
everyday is a new opportunity to be your best self
... can someone please come save me? My mom and sister won't take me back home to get my car. -.-
heading to SECs duh
...in this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world. John 16:33
i love youu(: and i cant wait for believe to come out! You worked so hard<3 can u please follow me?<3 .
there's alot of other square cafes in the twitterverse! Glad you found the real deal!
Woahhh. Just realized how close Halloween is. What do you think each of us should be?
we can find a good place to hide you so you can enjoy our company and our food
i wanna run, but only far enough to make you miss me
damn i left my cup!!!
RT : Marketers now encompass essence of what a traditional publisher is a curator, leader and voice.
haha yeah after a point its hard to go back. The D800 looks solid
I'm at the MGM tent at Thomas & Mack! Come see us!
Is it Bazooka?
Oh, now I want to re-read this -- and Forever, too! RT Tiger Eyes movie just being shown to theatrical distributors.
I packed so many mags i almost didnt have room for shoes RT are you catching up on magazine reading on the Acela?
I can't stop freaking out whenever I remember that the advanced and I was THERE to watch it happen!
Japan tried high-pressure water that dropped batches of seawater in increasingly frantic attempts to cool an overheated nuclear complex.
it's super hot here in SD, so please keep your pets inside with lots of water!
When yall see me roll up with my caucasian Queen rocking dashikis and medalions dont hate lmfao
Testing out PGA Tour 13 in preparation for tomorrow's event on State Street. Played it once 4 years ago; much better at putting in reality.
"gov't should support private sector" Pst. When Romney says private sector he means rich
yeah it was lots of notes haha
Shout out the muscular man blasting music in the black keep
U havent seen his family pic tho lmaooRT : Twitter hates Dell's sweaters. Everybody must want him in knee length white tees.
RT : RT : I opted for a oriental chicken salad•sounds delicious- I want sum :$
It involves doing yoga specifically designed to help you gracefully survive the amount you're about to drink.
♪ Tweet tweet ♪trying to figure out this twitter stuff :-)
Brand new video out in 1 hour!
We still working, grindin it out for our moms, the shop is still open for our services, get up with us. S/O The Invisibles
Fave new line: I want this designer to blow up even if that means I won't be able to afford. Gorge coats!
Harvin gets it to the 1, but delay of game penalty pulls the #Vikings back.
Just finished watching of on blow them away with #poison apples!! Way to go chef !!!!
White Wives covering "Where Is My Mind" just made my 2012.
Yeah No Problem
- listening to musicc. ! and on facebook. wbuu.?
Why do we need school? English: I speak it! Reading: I can read Spanish: We have Dora
No. Thought Frenchy would start hot like every other year. I like them in this order: Trout, Rios, Frenchy, Boesch
Injured reserve is so dumb. You have four freaking DL spots!
need beats
technically yes. XD
I know big shocker right? And yes the marlins hat. It's sick
No prob thanks for showing me your true colors :)
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
twitter war between and right now. I got my money on tk4. Any takers? Odds are 4:1 for Slim and 3:1 for tk4.
yeah. Well hopefully it all works out for you. If you need anything, I'm here okay bro?
O LORD, destroy those who look to this world for their reward. But satisfy the hunger of your treasured ones. (Psalm 17:14 NLT)
Omfg im bored.
canon is WAY better than nikon
I'm gonna go ahead + watch tonite's *but* I'm still reeling from last week's episode pimp culture near
Harry & Izzys sounds wonderful rite about now !!!!
just thought I'd let you know that my sister is singing swag It out in the bathtub ;)
Would he still be ignoring child rape?
not for.. but with <3
Zombies in space!!!!! :D
“: Niggas wanna talk? What they gonna say?” I hit that pedal till that mo'fucker break .
Thanks for joining us last night, ! Which flavor did you get?
What in the eff is happening?!?
Highly entertaining...LOL
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment - Jim Rohn
Thanks! Yeah that would be cool to get together soon.
Adam Yauch, a Founder of the Beastie Boys, Dies at 47
oh wait you said of course. Lolz
Celebrating Buddha's Enlightenment Day and wishing clear mind for all people. What ever you are doing, do it 100%
Celebrate Leap Year reading!
Thanks for stopping by! Hope you and your friends have a great afternoon. ;)
In my neighborhood they do it just about every saturday.
any chance of you selling more tickets and opening the balcony?
both r unnatural. Just because perming is mainstream doesn't make it right. White cream on your face vs your head...
yeah, I'm in here
#30thingsaboutme 2. Austin is my owner :)
...OBSTRUCTIONS are simply puzzles that need TO BE FIGURED OUT, rather than the end of the world! ;-)
Another great day! #naturalhair consults with amazing results!
stay online so we can chat kinda
I am hiring for a Senior Recruiter for our Milwaukee, WI office. Please call me 608-827-8882! If you know of anyone, please let me know. #j…
If you don't fail now and again, it's a sign you're playing it safe. -Woody Allen
on the set playin a very busy bartender! havin fun meeting new folks!
I like how Gretchen Pisano says "self-full"RT : #mbisummit Stay small, simple and selfish.
I'm right there with ya.
Mobile tech, yes--but "development" is more empowering international social change than Angry Birds. Barron=barren baron?
So, who thinks the SAG-AFTRA merger will pass the membership vote? It'll be announced at 1pm PDT today!
Happy Birthday, Abraham Lincoln!
Last chance tomorrow: start your morning off right by stopping at the for a 12oz drip + biscotti for only $1.00. Between 7-8am!!!
Resume writing and job hunting is really a full-time job if you are unemployed doing work 5 hrs a day is required.
What a simply fantastic day!
the difference between Chuck Norris and is that Shaw scores more both on and off the Ice
Wait what just happened with and the beat and krov and stuff? Im rlly confuesed someone tell me!!!
Hard to imagine now but Mariano Rivera didn't look like he had a future during his rookie season. He made 10 start, went 3-3 with a 5.51 ERA
This show's a far cry from even my HS days of Hammond, Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, Cheri Oteri, etc.
Guess who had a really productive day at the jam space yesterday. Budwieser, Shiner, and Mickey's.
If you are a poem writer, script writer or any other writer submit your work for the festival today! here's what you need to know...
“ Mission today..its to make today better than yesterday!!”
Welcome to the team Jason Jackson and Brian Jensen!!
well im glad. Lol saw ur name and couldnt help singing all off key like the show!
So Cuonzo Martin is complaining about the number UK fans at the UT game. Apparently he has never watched a UK road game. :)
is a great way to start a publishing effort, but need ideas to sustain long term success of project -
- I didn't play formally because my parents wouldn't let me before I got into music. But I was good at a lot of diff positions.
how are you tweeting about it?
Dam and I are screwed!
Pussy been on my mind like crazy today o.o
9/6 CLAS & PDBA present OAS Series inaugural event with Secretary for Political Affairs Victor Rico
Should be the quote of the day everyday. I've been saying it all week.
#cauldronafterdark very happy about all the praise for the Cauldron from ESPN! "Loudest fans in MLS"
If stress burned calories, I'd be a supermodel
you guys don't even follow your favorite driver?!
Today, March 1st is World Compliment Day... Figueroa Philly Cheese Steak has the best fans ever!
Remind your friends and family to go vote Jackie Walorski for Congress this Tuesday!
Hi, Wednesday? Please be nice to me.
Time is priceless, so don't waste it.
RT : Check out my YouTube Page = FrancoiseTheLight
yea filth ball happy birthday :)
Looking forward to a long day in the editing room tomorrow. That's where the magic happens!!!!
#WhyWouldYouCheatIf you know u're eventually gonna get caught?
Next stop - Canada 2015.
TSA showed me a new feature for my Reef sandles today... A hidden compartment. I had no idea
Yay! Got some worked lined up!
Somewhere along the line, 8pm turned from dinner time to story time, 10pm turned from party time to alone time, and 2am just disappeared.
But, LOL, I can't agree with this. #CarmeloAnthony is easily worse than KG. ;-)
Happy Saturday. What kind of mischief are you guys getting into?
Wasn't he supposed to go to the packers
Like my friend said, Follow and #UWSMPHIC for info on #medicalmarijuana, #HPV, #rawmilk,
Charles McCabe~ Any clod can have the facts having opinions is an art.
I do I do! What do you need? A friend of mine did Meg and Dom's wedding photos.
I've been good my dear-just workin hard on a couple of projects and staying hater-free LOL
okay cool:)
RT : A girls emotions is something that is not to be fucked with.
terrible. So terrible
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore : Heinrich Heine says "When words leave off, music begins." -check out the music
The TV part of triple play needs to be dropped or completely turned over to ISP to run over community networks
Oh, had a facial in the Philippines by a doctor, everyone else was getting one and insisted. Strange, lol.
Late response. I just think their management team is the bees knees. Sorry I can't make it out for the big day my man.. In Cali..
so where'd you learn 'your' dance moves?
This is gonna be awesome. Need your votes! Big Game V live stream, see hole cards, & fans vote on who to evict bit.ly/eAxfoQ
This is the best friend hackin' this shit!
#NorthCarolina Data Centers should be able to run on a backup generators for a few days without power
I'm glad my 18th birthday is being celebrated at band competitions all day.
It's almost time for the Kentucky Derby! We like the horse I'll Have Another, can you blame us? Who do you pick?
I'm down to play!
Glad you like it...see you there?
An Indie shop or a chain?
Hey you just woke up and this is crazy, but I'm your alarm so get up lazy.
Historic #flooding in North East. And, one more flood around my apartment in two weeks.
I didn't! I was checking the news this morning but didn't hear anything. That's terrible news!! My poor team...
i fuckin hate rednecks
Simmons hits a grounder THROUGH Hrbek at first and down the line and into the corner! Simmons around 2nd, rounding third!
yes maam I can't wait either! Bout time Bean!
Hope everybody had an amazing weekend! I did! Stayed busy, sorry for scarce tweets!!! Xo
do you realize whenever you say soon it never happens....?
"yeah I hope it does too lol : I hope it rains on everyone at the Drake concert lol"
The world of documentary is a tough shell to crack. Particularly, when you attempt to inhabit grayscale space.
That looks healthy and dangerous all at the same time. Good luck.
I hope to be soon as well
This cup of coffee this morning never tasted better :) Have a great, productive, kick butt day peeps!
he better! This is once in a lifetime
Just going to be going to the interactive conference to meet with entrepreneurs all week, then staying to party at sxsw music.
I see you've been deemed safe enough to allow on the Madison Media list. Congrats.
I might suggest doing both. At the same time.
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
We wanna party in your city.
goo.gl/aNC5W Pleasure P – Who I Gotta Be - Send to friend
Just placed an order with Summer at the Shabbycat Homebrewery & Urban Campground!
You never get a second chance at first impressions.
- HAPPY birthday to my lil sister I love u so Much :)
now following!
my baseball coach always said " your as good as your last at bat" or if he was talking to team " your as good as your last gm"
Bye honey <33 have a goodnight :* besos
Welcome to the home of #SB46! RT : Rain-freezing rain and sleet moving into western and southwestern Indiana now
Have a great weekend Colorado!!!!
NICE! Thanks!
p.s. I didn't recognize you until watching the vid's but we've met at the Spider. I'm
Is something wrong with the U.S. economy? I just bought your 10 million dollar house for $50 bucks.
It would be a heck of a lot more interesting than what is out there right now.
i know. i hope it will be a better show but you never know what to expect with Anton. at least i saw a few of the good ones!
RT : So....this counts as Obama auditioning for "Glee", right?
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort. - John Ruskin
Glad you like it! And Rucca really is! He's an absolute turd. Just wait til you see what we have in store. The plans are cool.
In 1944 the Red Ball Express provided vital supplies to WWII Front Lines. 18,000 of 23,000 men where African American.
Interested in being a food vendor at our #AAIP festival Aug 11&12 in Point State Park-Pgh? Info session TBA very soon.
how often does it rain in Waiakea?
There is a new food truck on the scene! ! All natural, mostly organic soups and chili.
yay!! I was worried you weren't going to be able to get any. Are you so excited???
Yay for PD? I think? : 80-85% of the english literature common core standards are in the public domain. -
a fucking spider was just crawling on my bed. I'M FUCKING DONE! STAYING AWAKE!
Texas Tech is shooting 28% from the field.
doing a lightning talk on the Koha IRC channel (which is called #koha, not #kohails)
still coming soon like Lebrons ring.
What's your favorite adjective?
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
I want some beef jerky
Wolf Signs is still available at Amazon, B&N and iTunes. FREE! If you haven't tried the wolfies, now's your chance
New podcast coming together with email marketing, YES
All I want is a simple relationship with non-fighting.
Stop it.
The original H. NWO 4 life
“: Zach sound like he ate a bowl of nails for breakfast... with no milk. lmao” lmao!!!!!!
Up thinking....like always
I don't get high... But I'm a fan of that green eyed love... Mayer Hawthorne... Saved my life.
don't you just love that show!
yayyyyy ;) party downtown boy!
that's what i thought.
Two w's closer to 36-4.
great to see you this week! Safe travels back to Detroit!
I wipe away your tears come and hug me I love you like you love me
The Sears Tower will always be the Sears Tower. I don't care what England says.
it's illegal to be ghetto at 1:30 in the morning.
(c) The street to get some Gatorade. :/
How the fuck do I do these twitter backgrounds? Shit is harder than MySpace was -____-
Im glad you enjoyed it. Im thinking about bedazzling it, or making it AO themed.
yes I am, lol
Is there someplace on the interweb where I can download or stream/watch the Independent Spirit Awards from a few weeks ago?
“: Lol we just love each other, so excuse us if we get on your nerves with our love tweets! ”
If yo gonna keep making me feel like crapp, you should just stopp texting me..;(
if a cow could laugh would milk skeet from his nose...
not really but it's a testament to certain movies that I can watch them in. Starship Troopers, Drop Dead ...
Hooray! I have a dentist appointment, but hopefully I can find you when I am done at 1!
Everyone on the peir just kept saying "oh my god oh my god". People were laughing and snapping pictures. It felt like family. Amazing.
Tomorrow night. #m83 at I love you,
its ur b-day?!!! I didn't know!!! Happy, happy Birthday hun!!! I hope u had a blessed one!!!
I have enough funding to have you killed another 342 times. Maybe we should just have lunch instead...
Starting a bit mellow but transitioning to nineties dance party by 8:30. at 8th floor
I predict lakers make the finals this year.
I love you to :*
I have sleeping in the office hangover right now. Bleh.
S/o young Dallas talent ready to take over the world!!!!
When you get people to the stadium who are finally giving a second chance, playing like crap just causes them to stay away longer.
No one is loyal in life. Everyone uses each other for what they have until the other person is no longer useful.
I'm very tired and my left wrist hurts really bad
Told you wouldnt win the competition, Lets call it even! since you won the game!
you must have google handy to pull that name out!
We have 300-400 people. Sponsors get their logo on our websites, emails, & slides at the event. Hope you can make it!!
"They shall know that I am the LORD their God,...that I may dwell among them: I am the LORD their God."~Exodus 29:46
where is the game being shown?
Screw this, ima be a hobo.
#TheVoice - I don't think Juliet has been picking the right songs. She should have sang Janis Joplin, Joan Jett etc...
cool bc I need to see you! Its been forever!!
Very cool pix!
U do what ya gotta, but I know u got #TigerBlood in your veins. Now all u need is to be wearing some black and gold.
; keep on dreaminn' even if it breaks your heart. <3
Is gonna go to Al's later??
damn what do I watch..#Yankees classic ..#Knicks..or #Syracuse?
Thanks for the CNN piece.
thanks for the mention - we're excited too!
Black Mamba bout to eat some kung pao for dinna!
shit mines two still dinking over here!!
I hate texting you first . it feels like I'm bothering you ... /:
lol! Shut up!
": your cover of Bruno Mar's "It Will Rain" is beautiful! True talent girl! #newfan" thank you! glad you like it!
Doing a major cleanage on my room.
Haha show not that shit nasty
Although I could not be there this year, I do hope Billy Crystal comes back, he was great!
Some roller coasters u should not ride n the front!!!!!!!
lol. i don't share that with anyone! what did you think?
well, I agree with that. 5th would be a good spot I think.
too damn funny
With amanda and hon. Hanna Beth Jackson at
although that's not all bad. You can dispose of excess, but you can't go back and get it.
what makes u think u can be a porn star and a human being??? Lol jk
Stop with the spam messages :/
Happy holidays to all
« chilled at for a while today»
Brewers are one of the early games on Sat..... (Please be 11 EST)
thanks for following, you have some pretty good tweets (:
Stop in for a sandwich while you're on the north side cheerin' on the
Yum! Aren't they awesome?! :) RT Loving this ice pop tampico flavored
Wow a must see! Historical Korean re-creations with teddy bears??!! Crazy!
Just got stung by a BEE! !! IF YOU KNOW ME , you know i hate FUCKING BEES! !!
when are you back in the westside??? I miss you!!
In the past 24 hours I have had 3 tests, 1 quiz, 1 presentation, and a lab report due. My spring break has officially begun!!!
true. This mix is called Collections & Connections and each song has to have a direct relationship with the next in some way.
Interesting.. My iphone is getting #smbmad updates faster than my iPad.
Coming To America is on. :) My favorite movie!!
And I say chuuuurrrch!!!
Enjoying the stream tonight!
I want some sort of giant breakfast named after a country or a profession, so you know it's good
RT Oh snap! just broke the news to the #mozinar crowd that we're launching social monitoring. The beta invite will open up soon!
They Say I can Eat A Pussy better Than A Chick Due To There Experience I've never had a complaint Anyway.
Followed, love ya 2 ;)
Meetinghouse is pleased to announce its affilation with Rock the Green The Midwest's Near-Zero Waste Music Festival
I wish, when someone tells me I'm pretty I can believe them...
' son met his wife thanks to #nationalservice Another #loveservice story!
ah, gotcha. Well, good luck a week early! And hope they give you the good stuff!!
Band practice tomorrow (: go hardcore or go home.... We are going to do a poker face cover and hopefully play at the Pep assembly!
I had the same deal with upstairs neighbors. Turned out to be a chair on wheels rolling back and forth.
yeah...we kinda swagger jacked the name from that album haha!
You are getting hungry...very hungry....yes, we are hypnotizing you via tweet. Get to The Lube for some wings tonight!
Oh that is soon! Well, tell her I said hi.
I hit send too soon...compedium of your vocabulary?!? RT : have you ever considered writing Booty's Compendium???
thats whats up..can u e mail me your# and when r u free to meet?
What does David Bowie have to do with Texas history?? :-)
same! My Faves are "96000", "ChestNuts"& "Last Dance". I memorized almost the whole rap for "96000", hehe♥
lol! To be loved
hope u stay forever and ever .. :) keep making us happy .. Kau ang inspiration nmn mga lovebirds hehehhe mwah!mwah!
Home from my 1st nite of Bikram Yoga. If what is most difficult to achieve stays with me the longest, this practice will be with me forever.
Simon Cowell wants A LIST MUSIC STARS as Judges, not Chaka Kahn, Wynonna Judd, who Z LIST MUSIC STARS.
Just got #instagram. Follow me: lovecourtneyoxo
#5bestsmells Lilacs, freshly mown grass, leather jackets, French toast, cologne (on the right man).
i got dibs recording a guitar part ;)
How are your studies going?
": It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. - Henry David Thoreau"
I fucks with you
Gopinath: Shah's "Hinterland Structures" is an alternative archiving of queer diasporic modes of dwelling & creating habitability
There is no such thing as a normal or a sensitive person. It's a myth fabricated by your own ignorance.
Lol, Some People Think Because I Haven't Did What They've Done, I've Done Nothing. When I Look At Their End Result, I'm Glad I Didn't. :)
lol aw....that would be nice. Thank You!
Thanks. Am hoping it won't keep me from going, but I really can't plan anything right now. I was so excited too.
Staying up all night making road trip plans for the #RockyMntnFolksFest! Going better than I thought on short notice, but still a lot to do!
As you know now, we're not out of the woods yet.
My life is just one big awkward situation.
Thanks for the #FF ! :)
thanks for spreading the word #SFIMA Summit
“Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way.” — General George Patton
“: Two passes...no drops....” but were they caught?
Because his little wife thingy is.. Well not too nice :b
That annoying moment when you think you'll have the house to yourself for the night and then your parents don't go out.I miss my dorm.
The DiMaggio vs. Pollock conversation might have been the greatest dialogue ever written for (great lines, )
Sitting here with my big sister love her so much her and my nephew. Love you casey and tj
“: Have a good show, !” thanks man, gonna b a good one!
Today, I would prefer to just go back home, sketch and read. But, I'm working instead
um but seriously about that beer...
See if you can spot me in the next issue off VICE magazine in JUNE!!!
is 10:10 too early for lunch?
Awe,thanks for the follows you guys!
Starting next Thursday, we'll have Evan Christian playing indoors or out every week starting at 8:30 p.m.! Jazz Aftermath!
#CommonTattoos Butterfly.. cz it means freedom among women
Delayed in Denver
MTV True Life just left and we have a new selection of Buddah Bars. 2 g of mmj and super strong. Come check them out.
So far really liking ABC daytime's new show The Revolution. Sort of like what you would find in a magazine, but on TV.
Worst day of my life
Watched Zayns dancing video once again.. <3
RT Rep. Phillips takes Krider to task on her implication that PP targets college students.
In the word(s) of the great Charles Barkley, this is "TRBL"!!!!!
And with tissues, a trash can, & a mop- He will help you clean up ... Continued next tweet
I seriously hope QPR loan out to provincial prison team.
Still looking forward to Nashville in May with and
Update: kat smo kills it You go girl
Argo Teas is giving out Free Samples! Check it out and let them know what you think!
Thanks to all that came out to support our pancake breakfast / bake sale!
We are working directly w/the datacenter to resolve this issue as quickly as possible & apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
I love you way to much to just let you go that easily <3
Is it time to polish up your look?? Sarah Bella Salon offering $34 Cut and Partial Highlight ($85 Value) at www.yourluckydeals.com
#Christie delivering reheated State of the State address. NJ making comeback from depths of 2009 because he cut spending, time for tax cut
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time. - Henry Ford
because it's bacon. Pigs are my hero because they eat slop and make bacon. What other animal can do that?!
we just walked out lol
whoop sick buddiess
Whisker Wars, pizza, & needlecraft with Yes on all 3 counts.
Ay if y'all wanna come down lets do it! I was referring to gettin alot of ppl but shit we can still kik it
schweeeeet! it'll be fun! we're gunna be selling stuff like it's a thrift store too hahah $5 shirts and stuff :)
Hanging with the bestie...no partying this weekend...laptop & sweats #leggoohh!
I AM SHIFTING into my NEW Reality! Support System; International Speakers: Gerry, Paul, JG, Publicist:J. Price, Marketing Manager: S.Simmons
Did anyone else notice how segregated the #hungergames dystopia still was? The only non-white people seem to live in District 11.
Plus the Reagan administration helped set up the funding networks that led to Al Qaeda. Not mentioned too often today.
God bless you, Theresa! We radiate with pride whenever we receive a compliment.
While you're hopping you may as well rinse off, I suppose.
I hate it when Draw Something asks me to draw Pegasus for people who have never seen the Disney movie 'Hercules'
Cmon you know it only plays "One Less Lonely Girl." #paymoreattention ;)
i was sitting in the middle of Math 120 this morning, and about half way through i felt searing pain all over. I don't think thats good :(
It took long enough. That is good news, tho.
Anyone watching #themiddle The Middle. That is so Indianapolis Average family
damn, your voice is amazing! Unforgiveable will always give me chills! Would luv 2 have u perform in Chicago!
can you bake
can't argue with that but we like everything loud!
What " sacrifice" is Obama asking of the 47% of Americans who pay NO Fed Income Tax? NONE.
RT if u don't have a favorite ICONic Boy but u love them all 
I guess. I just can't imagine liking that kind of player/play. smh
wow i can feel it, how about u?
Great night at the Bootleg - sold out! Thanks and for having us on the bill.
Sometimes I don't tell you what i'm feeling, because I'm hoping the silence between us would give you a clue.
i'll counteract this cold house with DUN DUN DUN DAAA a hot shower. it's all about the instant gratification.
WHY ARE YOU SO SWEET?
Austin i love you and i'm a huge fan of yours if you would just follow me i would be so happy
Its my 3rd day back on Lexapro and I feel worse then before I started
I love your hair in your profile pic!
Ha ha. Very soon :-)
I have a nice house. A nice car. A amazing family. Heck, I have an amazing life!
Writing about internal comms best practices for an article on change mgmt. Looking for pros to interview. Reach out if you're interested...
Phantom of the opera with my baby <3 he actually likes it
You do you are the light when every things dark. When all else fails I look at you. You are a knight in shining armor. (cont.)
Need help finding a rental? Give Tony a call @ 775-826-1414
Looks interesting. #Detroit history deserves some docs.
just play with it you will figure it out ...RT
always needing a sweater, smh
get it
Might actually get cards out before christmas!
Anyone see the comparison with mcelroys arm and tiger playin on a busted up leg? Hm :-)
i just wish i felt better
Quote of the day from : "it's always colder somewhere else."
Hi Courtney! You might remember me from the RMF conference (I'm Danielle's friend). Finally got on this Twitter thing:)
Lol I'm so bitchy when I'm tired. I'm really not that mad, guys. I think it's nap time until brings me food home for lunch.
Goodnight everyone sweet dreams p.s today was the best birthday ever!:)
wow, it's crowded here today with a lot of familiar faces and some new ones too! I guess people are getting down to business post #sxsw!
i see this, & also know my cousin wants 2 send her kid 2 best schl possible. her main focus. how 2 address?
never ever, not ever, AT ALL!! 😊
Yay Sophie won #survivor!!! Girl power!!
Check out all our new adademic publications at www.enrichprofessional.com. This month: The Green Economy & its Implementation in China
Slow jams are so relaxing <3
hahaha...well then pass the strawberries!
Support the new artist ... check out (Mackeehan) songs on YouTube.
Would you be open to having others from the agency?
What is up with the sound on Big Bang Theory?
no she's not!
Awesome! RT : join us for our 1st #bealeader chat May 3rd 7pmET Confidence Matters is our topic w/host
Thank you for the follow... :)
Gettin that #FallsCreek volleyball body ready?
Let's get to the root of the problem, here. Humor vs. HumoUr. There's another colourful debate.
thanks for the Jim Beam. Hope you rip some shit up again tonight!
she was great!
A woman's power to heal comes from finding meaning as a woman of great worth and inner beauty regardless of what she has experienced.
this new thing on Facebook , that says , '' seen at .... ''' whatever time is good. you know if there ignoring you or not. loll
": I hate girls that tell their friends everything. When you date one of them, they all know your shit."<---this is the worst -.-
"The value of social media comes down to people, relationships, and the meaningful actions between them."
Big One Day Sale at Mari Ari 30%-50% OFF...May 5th
311 miles to LA
Why am I do damn itchy again
Woah. Just did a 360 on the 71/Gene Snyder ramp w the Land Rover. Not cool but luckily I have handles like Tony Stewart
I leaned back too hard and my studio chair snapped. I'm NFL linebacker size, but...Now I'm using an exercise ball for a chair. Bouncy!
its gonna be a long night.
RT : About to see Wiz right now LIVEE via back stage
or should i say becks
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
Why is #vegas so expensive? Forget it I;m staying at a Motel 6
Very nice! Thanks for stopping by!
it's a good way to get votes too cause the other candidates h8 🌈 lmao I'm not a fan but that's life :( love you too!
I still claim
gosh!! you have to do lots don't cha'?
I'm with ya on BB. We look like shit. Even in our 2 recent wins, we didn't look so good. Our defense is atrocious!
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other. -Euripides
I caved and just ordered pizza romano...thought you'd appreciate my guilty indulgence :)
#LIVEUNITED: aspirations from our community: end isolation, close achievement gap, get equal access to services
That is a tax on soft drinks etc.
wow you don't know where el rey is at. Shame on u
I don't say or do anything to please others.
is plotting her escape!
hey same here and I am loosing faith
Cristiano enters the arena and announces he is faster, stronger, richer and sexier than any other thing, ever. Probably right.
come to the lucky one premiere with me and sahra <3 <3
That moment when you hear a really catchy song and you can't help but want to bust out and start dancing. Haha story of my life!
oh ok she probably out there already, She just left here. Wat time u coming out?
Make A Wish Upon A Star Fish, Kiss Under The Waterfall, Coconut Side Dish, Like Paradise Lost But Now Im Found
*ding* *ding* *ding* RT : You are, a Cinema, a Hollywood Treasure <3
It's just amazing to me that people don't see that; it's the opposite of a race to the bottom (is there a cliche for that?)
who has the power in ? is it the teachers, main office, the school board, or the community?
#Happy #Monday Everyone #spring break
I was thinking we should get a room at like wildwood one sunday and drink/swim all day for #sundayfunday, then go to the game
I miss saying "Luke." He looks better in black & orange than grey & blue.
I'm not baffled. It's clearly the alien mind control apparatus at work while we sleep!
Thanks, Susan! And thanks for listening last weekend :)
Baseball at Fenway is a little like racquetball. Let's go Os!
liver is all yours but I'll fight ya over the gizzards.
that was you?? Shit I didn't know lol. Cause I was listening to music and didn't really hear you and I thought you said are u high
So what's your Pobox now ?
I have no interest in this but if anyone is interested in a hack to get Facebook timelines TODAY, compliments of tcrn.ch/pxT5Jn
Word RT : There's a difference between giving up & knowing when you've had enough.
How are the winners for sound editing funnier than the host?
yeah that was at my school..the new principal is ridiculous
Why thank you, and very glad to hear : )
I cannot thank the family enough, we truly are a family! And we have unbelievable things coming. You won't want to miss this.
Then a few days later I was back down and it would drop again
Jonathan Holloway now giving Leon Forrest keynote lecture about black scholars & memory in the age of black studies.
about time we got a run on the 2nd worst run defense in the NFl
Excited for my best friend.. :)
Hi Linda, after defining our voice in social media #sm, we seek out our target audience & make effort to engage with them.
Thanks for the RT! You ROCK (as always)!
have a fantastic Friday!
Yo Orange County! Make sure you go out and VOTE AGAINST MORE CORPORATE WELFARE on the ballot TODAY!
At #tff Mr. B slams the DoE for not allowing his chorus to sing for the #president of the united states.
Raise the Roof, national rebuilding day this Saturday, April 28th. Who's in?
I do, u just don't understand how I could understand
are you playing artomatic? We can't wait to rock it out with you in a few weeks. I'm loving the songs on myspace.
infeild at a rams vs colts fottball game
I figured you were still asleep or at guitars those are pretty good options these days
its funny, I feel like DC is the smallest big city.
haha sweet! What's your user?
Sorry, I haven't been on here guys. I've been super busy, who is ready for 's CD? :D
Couldn't agree more. Bushnell's article gave me much needed insight for a character I've been forever developing.
I appreicate the dialogue even though I feel differently. I hope he (& the rest of the team) can elevate past this mess.
For every $150 spent on Giftcards get a Complimentary Serenity Hour (Valued at $110.00) Through December 31st!!!!
For all you starving fans of THE HUNGER GAMES, wait till you see the special edition of I Heart Cinema coming soon! [1/2]
RT : #letsgorangers is all there is to be said all day
I wonder if more girls were willing to act like ladies, more guys would feel challenged to be gentlemen
Stupid question, but whats a "TWITCON"?
Follow the LSP cast members, or die trying!
Network (1976)=The Best Christmas Gift ever. The golden age of cinema will always be for me late 60s - late 70s. Swoon over Faye Dunaway...
I can't exactly say my new iPhone is changing my life vs my old Droid... But I will say I appreciate the screen capture function!
Exactly. Pay what is necessary to bring in a difference maker, especially if they generate revenue!
So my aunt wants me to run her liquor store up in Noblesville, idk if this is a good idea.
All Muslim countries have a baby boom generation right now. All great revolutions had baby boom generations behind them.
Apparently its frowned upon to make macho man jokes in aisle two at 7-11. Which reminds me, aisle two is officially out of slim jims.
i love kate upton
I'll expect to see a new tweet in a month or two saying you lost those 10 lbs! Keep those running shoes on!
hey(: we haven't talked in a long time!:o
Time to head to the comic book store for Free Comic Book Day.
Me six!
yes, I will, it would be great to see you, are on the jazz fest?
Dawn. You are are dumb. HE HAS A KID! Things will change.
I love how much these anchors get it! #UndercoverDirectionersAtTodayandSunrise :D Xx
He then said "do you want to do this the easy way or the hard way?" to that I responded "the hard way"
Dumping for use with scheduled tweets on looking something more reliable.
Also it's ronnie jackson's birthday. So, double incentive.
I was calling you Mr. Jones. Missed the comma.
enough sorrow to keep you human enough hope to make you happy. (2/2)
Cook, Steak, Knife
RT Im setting a new exercise/diet goal for myself. Lets hope it actually works this time!
Great. Glad I could join today's chat.
Of course you can!
i'll just watch big bang theory.
by watching some Trailer Park Boys.
Our bodies need sufficient VitC to burn fat - oranges, red bell peppers, broccoli are great sources! The menu this week is full of these!
Toni Morrison will be at the Union Sq Barnes & Noble 7pm. Whatever I had to do on campus tonight is a wrap.
Going on vacation in a few days, need a good beach read suggestion. Ready, go!
Duff's Wings 3651 Sheridan Dr, Amherst, NY 14226 GOOD LUCK in BUFFALO!
Thanks for all the "Follow Fridays" you crazy kids!
Christmas Vacation with the Griswolds will always be my favorite holiday movie. "is your house on fire Clark?"- aunt Bethany
Thanks for following from a diehard Orioles fan! :)
.:My eyes have become the Moon. Wake up to dark, sleep while it's light:.
You must have been reading my mind. It is exhausting. Happy Mother's Day! DW
And steak.
jealousy if flowing through me right now!
Trust issues weeknd remix >>>>>>
Can't your iPhone record 1080p? I thought of the idea because your blogs are mostly about movies and other entertainment.
How I felt in January.... Ya this is second ....
me too, Mary!! hugs from Colorado
Call me if you need to contact me, my txts are currently inefficient. I kno this is useful info for every1 cus every1 needs to contact me
Just peaked at the menu - looks delish! When do you open ?
If you're like me you always keep an open mind when it comes to #anything That being said follow #goodnight & may God bless you
#ICantStandPeopleWho take you for granted
anyone feels like giving me a gift lol - I am gladly accepting punching bags!!! <boom><boom><boom>
RIGHT ON! RT: For most technologyMakes things easier. For people w.disabilities, technologymakes thingsPossible
what's your YouTube again?
am i losing followers because i'm never on???
Special thanks to Peter Le for catering lunch for Private Tour! Volunteers, homeowners, and sponsors are raving!
Must stop walking around campus in flip flops, feet aching...but toes look good ;)
I get pretty defensive when people say "I want to kill Justin" or "Bieber needs to die" no one should say any of that. Yeah, you might not
thanks Jonathan for the follow and support hope yo enjoy the rest of top chef and check out
viktor & spoils tonight. comme by. also, u must do a saturday with me this summer.
Chris how are you bro :)
"This position of not knowing but a willingness to share is critical" to the learning process. YES!
#Badgers signed as NFL UFAs: Antonio Fenelus (Indianapolis), Aaron Henry (Oakland), Patrick Butrym (San Francisco), Kyle Wojta (Chicago) ...
lol yo we got some gansta coons ova here, you gotta bring a friend when you take the trash out
I responded! :) and I'll DM you my #
oops! fixed!
I cannot wait for you to wreck Lauzon in the land of the east. Rep 414 and return victorious!
Ugh... This cold is bugging me now. Second time in a month. I teach snotty little kids guitar lessons... It's my own bloody fault.
We've got a facebook! ^__^ www.facebook.com/allurae
": #NOTSC #Saints coach Sean Payton signed a one year deal to become paper towel spokesman for Bounty: The Quicker Picker Upper."
thank you. You'll have to come when it happens : )
have a fun vacation!!
Any purchase from Lees over $5.00 gets you a FREE Tofu & Egg Taco....just show your reciept .... today till 2pm...hm mmhhhm daz rite!!!!
thanks for the offer though! just not quite sure if my bare feet would have made it that far :D
Think you have style? DM us if you do and you could be featured in the next
DG alum Samuel Tadros speaking on #Egypt is being livetweeted by Great event... tune in!
Monterey Ridge or Stone Ranch? Word on the street is they won't turn anyone away from MRES this year as in past
All I wanna do is forget you, but no matter how hard I try, I can't get you out of my head; you make my head and my heart collide.
Hey bachateros... I'm heading to the Dominican Republic next week. Would love some ideas on where to dance #bachata!
you might as well come out this season and showcase your talent. Skies the limit G! Keep your eyes on the prize
Checkin on attending Agenda in September. Looks like the coolest show. Plus its another reason to head down to SoCal,my old home, 4 summer.
Pride and unity awards was a success, I'm so proud of my senior classmates, but this is not the end its only the beginning 😁🎈🎈🎓
RT if you've ever been to a concert
Yay, lights are back on!
u're welcome : )
One of the main reasons people overspend is due to being completely unaware of their current financial situation
RT : Guests arriving at Healthcare Breakfast
Anyone have a Hazard/LCA final?
I love you
Gav my laptop to my girls sis to fix hopefully dar ain't no pic on it ;P [FuckIt]
I could've sworn avocado was a fruit....
I love this. Can I cite you?
Say what you want about America, thirteen bucks still gets you a hell of a lot of mice!
If they ask me 1 mo time, when I'm gonna use this bubble bath!!!
At the Kingdom of the Sun watching hoops. Always trying to find players.
At school ready to get home so I can send dis girl dis beat to sing on :P
So happy about/can't wait to meet baby Lewis!!!! , we're aunts and uncles!
Why must people who work at spas have the precision of piano virtuosos and the rage of Mexican cage fighters?
yes & when u do it's gon be the best feelin ever... I have my Trey moments just no 1on1 pic yet
lol very true just dont tweet them. anything but that
and joe_lacava Thanks much.
Check-In today using your Yelp or FourSquare App and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!
I would host a forum at #WHSummit abt need for coverage of women's health care, but at this point I just want to thank HHS/
Baby you light up my world like nobody else! :) <3
thats was some funny stuff...im only WILL.
im a understandig person, im always here to listen to your problems and i will never judge you hun.
he is... I would say about Lyle, but its not my place..
You know I would! What did everyone else say?
happy birthday sweetheart :)
Im an actress out here in LA. :-)
#spuarespace..if we win we will donate it to a starving student :) (shameless plea, we never win anything)
yes! #TeamMahone all the way! #TeamSwift too! (:
It's been far too long since you've said that you love me, maybe you just don't and that is my reality now.
